{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs22 Skyrim mods for XBox One\par
Bethesda.net has             \par
11,697 XBox One mods --> 11,589 now        \par
 5,307 PS4 mods      -->  5,301 now\par
 5,208 PC mods       -->  5,214 now\par
====================================================================================\par
\par
01A. \highlight1 Beyond Skyrim: Bruma \highlight0 1/4 (856 M, 24K lines dialogue, sound track)\par
01B. Beyond Skyrim: Bruma 2/4 (768 M, new weapons and armor, new quests)\par
01C. Beyond Skyrim: Bruma 3/4 (6 M, new dungeons, larger than a DLC)\par
01D. Beyond Skyrim: Bruma 4/4 (308 M)\par
002. Forgotten Dungeons (15.8 M, adds \highlight1 65 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
003. Falskaar (615 M, \highlight1 30 hours\highlight0 , 26 quests, 21 sound tracks, new land)\par
004. Midwood Isle (736 M, \highlight1 35 quests\highlight0 , new land, items, voiced NPCs)\par
005. Maids II: Deception (2.1 G, 20+ quests, new dungeons, new land, \par
                          \highlight1 116 NPCs voiced\highlight0 , 13K lines dialogue)\par
006. Carved Brink (703 M, \highlight1 40+ locations\highlight0 , 50+ voiced NPCs, new music,\par
                   new quests, new enemies, weapons, and armor)\par
007. Project AHO (594 M, \highlight1 40+ locations\highlight0 , new quests, 20+ voiced NPCs,\par
                  new music, armor, weapons, items, and spells)\par
008. Clockwork (416 M, \highlight1 6 hours playtime\highlight0 , two dungeons, new NPCs)\par
009. The Brotherhood of Old (189 M, \highlight1 12 hours gameplay\highlight0 , 24 quests, new items,\par
                             26 voice actors, new player home, new follower)\par
010. Invasion of Skyrim - Grand Admiral Thrawn (1.01 G, \highlight1 over 15 dungeons\highlight0 , \par
                          new lands, 40+ spells, 15 sets of armor, new race)\par
011. The Wheels of Lull (319 M, \highlight1 five dungeons\highlight0 , new town, new quests)\par
012. Unofficial Skyrim Special Edition Patch (422 M, hundreds of bugs fixed)\par
013. Beasts of Tamriel (318 M, \highlight1 80+ creatures\highlight0  types added)\par
014. EasierRider's Dungeon Pack (4.4 M, adds \highlight1 8 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
015. Simply Darker Interiors (121 K, makes all interiors darker)\par
016. Simply Darker Nights (175 K, makes nights darker)\par
017. INeed - Food, Water, and Sleep (6.6 M, adds fatigue, thirst, hunger)\par
018. Ultimate Skyrim Music Replacer (95 M, \highlight1 adds 100 songs\highlight0 )\par
019. M'rissi's Tails of Troubles (220 M, \highlight1 8 hours gameplay\highlight0 , 7 main quests,\par
                                  voiced NPCs, several new locations and items)\par
020. The Final Cataclysm (232 M, \highlight1 over 5 hours playtime\highlight0 , new music,\par
                          new dungeons and monsters)\par
021. M.H.A.R.P.H.I.N. SE (303 M, mechanical companion, \highlight1 8 hours quest gameplay\highlight0 ,\par
                          custom dungeons, puzzles)\par
022. The Temple of Time (193 M, new music, new land, new trees)\par
023. Moonpath to Elsweyr (116 M)\par
024. Dwarven Luggage (1.1 M, adds a dwarven spider chest that follows you around)\par
025. Golden Egg Treasure Hunt (35 M, \highlight1 230 eggs\highlight0 )\par
026. Ordinator - Perks of Skyrim (20.9 M, replaces perks with \highlight1 over 400 perks\highlight0 )\par
027. Phendrix Magic Evolved (\highlight1 adds 310+ new spells\highlight0 )\par
028. Apocalypse - Magic of Skyrim (72.5 M, \highlight1 adds 155 new spells\highlight0 )\par
029. Skyland All-In-One (1.022 G, retextures graphics)\par
030. Skyrim Graphic Overhaul (380 M, combines many mods)\par
031. Skyrim Graphic Overhaul Part 2 (399 M, combines many mods)\par
032. Skyrim Sewers (41 M)\par
033. The Forgotten City (133 M, \highlight1 8 hours\highlight0 , puzzles, soundtrack, voiced NPCs)\par
034. Undeath Remastered (122 M, 3 dungeons, 2 lairs, new questline, new books)\par
035. The Rabbit Hole (6.3 M, Huge dungeon, \highlight1 over 4 hours gameplay\highlight0 , 28 weapons,\par
                      15 new enemies, 4 followers, 3 fetch quests, 2 spells)\par
036. Sounds of Skyrim: The Wilds (39 MB, \highlight1 adds 115 new sound effects\highlight0 )\par
037. Sounds of Skyrim: The Dungeons (51 MB, adds over 115 new sound effects)\par
038. Sounds of Skyrim: Civilization (73 MB, adds 223 new sound effects)\par
039. The Valley of Peace (150 M, new music and weapons, new land)\par
040. Mythic Dawn Expansion (58 M, \highlight1 17 quests\highlight0 , voiced NPCs, new world)\par
041. The People of Skyrim 2 - Full Version (370 M, \highlight1 new settlements\highlight0 , caves, dungeons)\par
042. The Forgotten Prince (39 M, 7 quests, \highlight1 5 hours gameplay\highlight0 , 10 voiced NPCs,\par
                           9 new locations)\par
043. Unread Books Glow SSE (103 K)\par
044. Notice Board (2.8 M, provides new miscellaneous quests)\par
045. Wearable Lanterns\par
046. The Gray Cowl of Nocturnal (309 M)\par
047. The Tale of Tsatampra Xiros (281 M)\par
048. Hunt of Hircine (728 M)\par
049. The Midden: Expanded (1.4 M)\par
050. Realistic AI Detection SE (4.1 K)\par
051. \highlight1 Skyrim Borders Disabled \highlight0 (235 B)\par
052. Folkstead and the Border of Hammerfell (591 M, \highlight1 new town\highlight0 , few locations, quest)\par
053. Moon and Star (66 M, \highlight1 5 new quests\highlight0 , 9 voiced NPCs, new town, new dungeon)\par
054. Orange Moon (63 M, \highlight1 1 hour gameplay\highlight0 , new weapons, new books, two dragons)\par
055. Cave of the Unknown Woman (1.8 M)\par
056. Sjel Blad Castle (146 M, expansive player home, \highlight1 80+ manequins\highlight0 , 500+\par
                       weapons displays, 100+ creature followers, 30+ mounts)\par
057. Phenderix Magic World (290 M, \highlight1 170+ new spells\highlight0 , new land, \highlight1 80+ new arrows\highlight0 ,\par
                            new staffs, new quests, followers, player home)\par
058. The Book of UUNP-Sevenbase (766 M, female armor)\par
059. Conan Hyborian Age (473 M, dungeon, \highlight1 3 hours gameplay\highlight0 , quest, many items)\par
060. Challenge of the Divines (3.3 M, quest, \highlight1 5 new locations\highlight0 )\par
061. Treasure Hunter for SSE (7.9 M, 7 treasure maps, 3 unmarked locations,\par
                              \highlight1 3 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
062. The Elder Scrolls Online Imports (92 M, locations, items, spells, NPCs)\par
------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
063. Skyland 1k - A Landscape Texture Overhaul (314 M)\par
064. Imperious - Races of Skyrim (6.9 M, \highlight1 10 quests\highlight0 , new racial abilities)\par
065. Moonlight Tales Special Edition (325 M, 32 werewolf perks)\par
066. Cutting Room Floor (11 M, new quests, several NPCs)\par
067. Skyrim Scroll Crafting (91 K, \highlight1 85 craftable scrolls\highlight0 )\par
068. Thunderchild - Epic Shouts and Immersion (55 M, \highlight1 31 new shouts\highlight0 )\par
069. Dark Ages - Fantasy Dungeons (412 M, replaces textures)\par
070. Caves & Mines (228 M, 2k, replaces textures?)\par
071. Tombs & Ruins (169 M, replaces textures)\par
072. Noble Skyrim - Dungeons (374 M, replaces textures)\par
073. Complete Archery Overhaul (74 K, many modifications)\par
074. Artifacts of Ultima (320 M, weapons and more)\par
075. Fort Castellum (54 M, dungeon)\par
076. Artifacts - The Breton Paladin (221 M, armor, weapons, quest)\par
077. The Underground City Nightmare (51 M)\par
078. The Egg of Time (15.1 M, \highlight1 10 dwemer artifacts from Morrowind\highlight0 )\par
079. Hidden Hideouts of Skyrim (1.4 M)\par
080. Castle Orlok - Human Version (929 K, immense player owned castle)\par
081. Wolfskull Manor (467 K, player home in Riften)\par
082. Saltmines of Skyrim (1.5 M, \highlight1 adds 3 salt mines\highlight0 )\par
083. Skinripper's Treasure Hunt (20.4 M)\par
084. Skyrim Scavenger Hunt (496 K)\par
085. Pastel Map Markers\par
086. New Witcher Race Overhauled (164 M)\par
087. Oblivion Artifact Pack (119 M)\par
088. The Infinity Gauntlet (69.3 M)\par
089. Windstad Mine - XB1 (39.4 M, player-owned, can be further expanded)\par
090. Aethernautics: A Space Travel Mod (12.1 M, large dungeon, quest)\par
091. Deus Mons (16.9 M, large castle, dungeon)\par
092. Artifacts - The Tournament of the Ten Bloods (98.5 M, quest)\par
093. Konahrik's Accoutrements (90.8 M, \highlight1 massive dungeon\highlight0 )\par
094. Castle Gonduin, (47.8 M, castle/player home, 16 mannequins, \highlight1 40+ NPCs\highlight0 , quest)\par
095. Verdant - A Skyrim Grass Plugin (85.7 M, premium grass and floral)\par
096. The Ruins (741 K, adds mostly ruins and buildings here and there)\par
097. Affdemaii Sanctuary V5 (92 M, tower, \highlight1 new city\highlight0 )\par
098. Adventurer's Basement (23.3 M, \highlight1 adds basements to all player houses\highlight0 , sorts items)\par
099. Leveler's Tower (102 M, large player home base)\par
100. Unique Vampire Dens (4.8 M, adds six hidden dens in various cities)\par
101. Extra Map Markers (91 K, adds 61 markers, all regular player homes included)\par
102. Santanism - A Christmas Adventure (91.4 M, \highlight1 4 quests\highlight0 , 1 follower, island)\par
103. Fast Travel from Interiors (263 K)\par
104. Map Markers Unlocked\par
105. A Quality World Map\par
106. Graphics Pack\par
107. Graphics Pack - Assets 2 (44.6 M)\par
108. Narrative Loot\par
109. Expanded Gemstones\par
110. Lush Overhaul\par
111. Summermyst - Enchantments of Skyrim\par
112. 4K Stars and Galaxies\par
113. Dense Grass\par
114. Bigger Trees\par
115. Display Enhancements\par
116. IA92's Enhanced Console Graphics\par
117. Realistic AI Detection SE\par
118. ESO Skyshards\par
119. Fantasy & Rock Music Replacer\par
120. Dynamic Display Settings \par
121. Dungeons and Dovahs\par
122. Unique Holds & Dungeons Overhaul\par
123. Skyrim Unbound (1.3 M)\par
124. Clannfears (66 M)\par
125. Xivilai (84 M)\par
126. Gelatinous Cube\par
127. Dwarven Sentinels \par
128. Imps\par
129. Iron Atronachs\par
130. Harvesters\par
131. Giant Snakes\par
132. Zombies \par
133. Crocodiles\par
134. Land Dreughs\par
135. Harpies\par
136. Aurorans\par
137. Goblins\par
138. Flesh Atronachs\par
139. Ice Golem\par
140. Spider Daedra\par
141. Ogres\par
142. Leshens and Nekkers\par
143. Sea Dreughs\par
144. Liches\par
145. Foglings\par
146. Wraiths\par
147. Arachas\par
148. Cliff Racers\par
149. Enhanced Night Skyrim\par
150. The Path of Transcendence (62 M, new quest, become undead lich)\par
151. Dwemer Network (96 K, connects all dwarven ruins to Blackreach)\par
152. The Enemy of My Enemy (207 M)\par
153. Luminosity Lighting Overhaul\par
154. Divine Interiors: Darkness Edition\par
155. Immersive Citizens - AI Overhaul (6.1 M, improves AI of friendly NPCs)\par
156. The Dark and the Light (48 M)\par
157. Azurian (171 M)\par
158. The World Tree of Skyrim (156 M)\par
159. Nordic Ruins of Skyrim\par
\par
\par
\par
Skyrim mods in development (Beyond Skyrim \highlight1 needs Black Marsh, Valenwood,\par
\highlight0                             \highlight1 and Summerset Isles yet)\par
\highlight0 ====================================================================================\par
A. Skyblivion\par
B. Skywind\par
C. Beyond Skyrim: Cyrodiil\par
D. Beyond Skyrim: Iliac Bay (High Rock and Hammerfell)\par
E. Beyond Skyrim: Morrowind\par
F. Beyond Skyrim: Elsweyr\par
G. Beyond Skyrim: Atmora\par
H. Beyond Skyrim: Roscrea\par
\par
\par
\par
Noteworthy Skyrim mods for PC ~ 115,000 mods total, SE = Special Edition\par
   Bethesda.net        has  5,208 mods -->  5,214 mods now\par
   Steam Workshop (PC) has 28,625 mods --> 28,624 mods now\par
   Nexusmods (PC)      has 57,722 mods --> 57,750 mods now\par
   SE Nexusmods (PC)   has 23,409 mods --> 23,552 mods now\par
====================================================================================\par
A. Valenwood (8.8 G, New lands, dungeons)\par
B. Enderal (7.8 G, overhaul, new worldspace, \highlight1 120 hours of gameplay\highlight0 ,\par
            \highlight1 30 hours voiced NPCs, 4 hours soundtrack\highlight0 )\par
C. SSE High Quality Voices (4.0 G)\par
D. Tel Aka Mora the Dragon Tower (3.4 G)\par
E. Middle-Earth Redone (3.2 G)\par
F. Common Clothes Upscaled Textures (3.2 G, about 4k resolution)\par
G. Curse of Akavir (3.1 G, quests, monsters)\par
H. The Isles Esroniet Dungeon (3.1 G, dungeon)\par
I. Skyland AIO (2.8 G, models and textures)\par
J. Vanilla Weapon Replacer SSE (2.6 G, replaces ALL vanilla & DLC weapons)\par
K. The Shire (2.5 G)\par
L. Beyond Skyrim - Bruma (2.4 G)\par
M. Legacy of the Dragonborn (2.1 G)\par
N. The Republic of Maslea (2.1 G)\par
O. Orsinium - Land of the Orcs (2.0 G)\par
P. Super Hi-Res Music Pack (2.0 G)\par
Q. Shumer and the Fall of Allagard (1.9 G)\par
R. MIDDLE-EARTH Redone SSE (1.9 G, many locations)\par
S. Land of the falls Beta (1.9 G, new island)\par
T. Legacy of the Dragonborn SSE (1.9 G, \highlight1 dozens of quests\highlight0 , new guild,\par
                                  DLC sized, \highlight1 hundreds of hours of play\highlight0 )\par
U. The Lost Legacy of the Nine (1.8 G)\par
V. Skyrim HD - 2K Textures (1.8 G)\par
W. Gothic Orpheus Project (1.8 G)\par
X. Beyond Reach (1.7 G, DLC sized, \highlight1 High Rock\highlight0 )\par
Y. Curse of Akavir - Phoe (1.7 G)\par
Z. 4K Parallax Skyrim by Pfuscher 1.6 G)\par
AA. Tamrielic Textures 1 - Landscapes (1.5 G)\par
AB. -ARK's- Hair and Face NPC Overhaul (1.5 G, \highlight1 edited 1000+ NPCs\highlight0 )\par
AC. Project Clarity (1.5 G, \highlight1 up-scaled weapon textures for every weapon\highlight0 )\par
AD. \par
AE. Darkend (1.4 G, new island, enemies, weapons)\par
AF. The Republic of Maslea - Chapter one - SSE (1.4 G, new lands)\par
AG. Rogue-like Encounters - Last Winter (1.3 G)\par
AH. \highlight1 Skygerfall\highlight0  (1.2 G, new lands)\par
AI. Immersive Weapon Integration (1.2 G, \highlight1 adds 621 weapons\highlight0 )\par
AJ. Holds The City Overhaul (1.2 G, adds books, items, outfits, expands cities)\par
AK. Dark Era (1.2 G, adds over \highlight1 two hours \highlight0 of authentic Viking battle \highlight1 music\highlight0 )\par
AL. Summerset Isle (1.1 G)\par
AM. Shadow of Morrowind (1.1 G)\par
AN. Immersive Jewelry (1.1 G)\par
AO. Relics of Hyrule (1.1 G)\par
AP. Ragnarok (1.1 G)\par
AQ. Hammerfell - Shadows of Dragonstar (1.1 G)\par
AR. Egyptian Palace of Amarna SE (1.1 G, city, high level dungeons, weapons)\par
AS. Static Mesh Improvement Mod - SIMM (1.0 G)\par
AT. Holds the City Overhaul (1.0 G)\par
AU. CleverCharff's Nordic Ruins LE (1.0 G)\par
AV. Skyrim 2019 (1.0 G)\par
AW. \highlight1 Hammerfell\highlight0  - Shadows of Dragonstar (1.0 G, new lands)\par
AX. Immersive Armors (1.0 G, drastically enhances the variety of armors)\par
AY. Relics of Hyrule SE (1.0 G, dungeons, spells, armor, weapons)\par
AZ. Immersive Jewelry (1.0 G, \highlight1 Adds 4200 jewelry variants\highlight0 )\par
BA. Egyptian Palace of Amarna (944 M)\par
BB. Urag Stronghold (937 M)\par
BC. The Final Cataclysm - 2020 (915 M, \highlight1 8 hours of content\highlight0 , dungeon)\par
BD. The Final Cataclysm - Ultimate Edition (883 M, Q & A)\par
BE. Sotil - The Lost Continent (881 M)\par
BF. HoddminirGroundTextures (880 M, \highlight1 324 textures\highlight0 )\par
BG. Azeroth in Skyrim (878 M, new lands, locations, \highlight1 dungeons\highlight0 , items, quests)\par
BH. Tropical Skyrim -- A Climate Overhaul (876 M)\par
BI. Tamriel Reloaded - Textures and Parallax (873 M)\par
BJ. Rigmor of Bruma (853 M, DLC sized, Q & A)\par
BK. Castle Dracula SE (831 M, Overhaul)\par
BL. Arweden Custom Voiced High Elf Companion (820 M, quests, locations,\par
                                              \highlight1 dungeons\highlight0 , armor, NPCs, weapons)\par
BM. Hammerfell R (820 M, new lands)\par
BN. Underground - a dungeon texture overhaul (811 M)\par
BO. Gothic Mod (809 M)\par
BP. The Republic of Maslea - Prologue (808 M)\par
BQ. TES V - Hunt of Hircine (799 M, locations, questline, \highlight1 monsters from Oblivion\highlight0 )\par
BR. Darkend (797 M)\par
BS. Palaces and Castles Enhanced (789 M)\par
BT. Anna NPCs SSE (765 M, 10 followers, quests, fully voiced, songs)\par
BU. Skyrim Immersive Creatures Special Edition (754 M, \highlight1 adds dozens of creatures\par
\highlight0                                                 \highlight1 and variations of existing ones\highlight0 )\par
BV. Enhanced Solitude SSE (752 M, the best Solitude mods merged together)\par
BW. Xenius Otherworldly Beings (745 M)\par
BX. Vilja in Skyrim (749 M, follower, has her own mission)\par
BY. Palaces and Castles Enhanced SSE (748 M, large, complete overhaul of 6 major\par
                                       palaces and castles in Skyrim)\par
BZ. More Interesting Loot Reborn (745 M, adds unique items and evolution system)\par
CA. Ultimate Solitude 4K (739 M, retexture interiors and exteriors)\par
CB. 4K Whiterun Overhaul (736 M, new wood and stone textures, roof tiles)\par
CC. Monster Mod (728 M)\par
CD. KS Hairdos - Renewal (726 M, \highlight1 755 hairstyles\highlight0 )\par
CE. Project Rainforest LE (722 M)\par
CF. Armoury of Tamriel (718 M)\par
CG. \highlight1 Audiobooks of Skyrim \highlight0 (714 M, listen while you explore)\par
CH. Total Character Makeover (709 M)\par
CI. Vindsvept Music (694 M)\par
CJ. Instrumental Christmas Music (692 M)\par
CK. Here There By Monsters - The Call of Cthulhu (690 M)\par
CL. Skyrim Weapons Expansion (683 M, \highlight1 adds over 100 high quality weapons\highlight0 )\par
CM. Arcanum - A New Age of Magic (682 M)\par
CN. Northern Shores LE (671 M)\par
CO. Snazzy Furniture and Clutter Overhaul (671 M, chairs, beds, drapery, banners)\par
CP. Arcanum - A New Age of Magic (671 M, \highlight1 over 200 spells\highlight0 , 300+ spells planned)\par
CQ. Hellspire Realm of the Fallen (664 M)\par
CR. Common Clothes and Armors (658 M)\par
CS. Dragon Tree Island Wildlife (645 M, new lands)\par
CT. Skyrim Immersive Creatures (641 M)\par
CU. Game of Thrones - Immersion (633 M)\par
CV. More Colorful Clothing SE (627 M, \highlight1 adds 350+ different variants of clothing\highlight0 )\par
CW. JS Shrines of the Divines (614 M)\par
CX. The Witcher 3 Music Overhaul (612 M)\par
CY. Castlevania Memories First Episode (611 M)\par
CZ. New Creatures (604 M)\par
DA. Haafstad and the Border of High rock (603 M)\par
DB. Veydosebrom - Grass and Groundcover (603 M, lush and vivid experience)\par
DC. Rustic Clothing (594 M)\par
DD. Molag Bal's Inferno (585 M)\par
DE. Haafstad and the Border of High Rock (588 M, \highlight1 new locations\highlight0 , town, island)\par
DF. Rochester SE (580 M, new lands)\par
DG. Skyrim Community Armory (575 M)\par
DH. Rand and File (574 M, troops are no longer clones of each other)\par
DI. Willybach's Skalsgeld (573 M, small village, 11 NPCs, several traders)\par
DJ. Cactus Witcher Music Overhaul (569 M)\par
DK. Miyaps Dungeon Mod (569 M, new world, dungeon)\par
DL. MediEvil - Hero of Gallowmere (566 M)\par
DM. Google's ESO Provisioning (564 M, \highlight1 adds over 100 new foods from ESO, recipes\highlight0 )\par
DN. Quest VanNord (559 M, Q & A)\par
DO. More Dwemered Textures HD (545 M)\par
DP. Tapestries (542 M)\par
DQ. Glorious Doors of Skyrim (538 M)\par
DR. Project Rainforest SE (538 M, tropical climate and environment overhaul)\par
DS. Faces of Skyrim (535 M, replaces 100 NPCs with 8K skin and 4K textures)\par
DT. Solitude Antiquities Shop (534 M)\par
DU. Soulmancer Music Merge (533 M, merges many soundtracks)\par
DV. Spunky Breton's Companions - AIO (530 M)\par
DW. Skyrim 3D Furniture (528 M, new custom made models and textures, renewal)\par
DX. Argonia - Teeth of Sithis (522 M)\par
DY. Skyland - Whiterun (519 M)\par
DZ. Lucidity Sound FX SSE (519 M, \highlight1 remastered 4681 samples of sound fx\highlight0 )\par
EA. Boreal Boats LE (519 M)\par
EB. ROD-The return of the Dwemer (519 M)\par
EC. Common Clothes and Armors (507 M, \highlight1 adds over 130 new clothes and armors to NPCs\highlight0 )\par
ED. Bobs Armory Skyrim - Swords - Axes - Bows - Spears (501 M)\par
EE. Pirates of the North (497 M)\par
EF. Mona Alta (489 M)\par
EG. The Nightmare Shard (483 M)\par
EH. Enhanced Vanilla Trees (482 M)\par
EI. Castle of Blood (481 M)\par
EJ. Fable - Shadow of Past (479 M)\par
EK. Yggdrasil Music and SoundFX Overhaul (477 M, \highlight1 adds 12 hours of music\highlight0 )\par
EL. The Chronicles of Steel Skyrim - Weapons of War (477 M, \highlight1 adds 300+ weapons\highlight0 )\par
EM. STEP - Skyrim Total Enhancement Project (475 M)\par
EN. Standalone09's Weapons (471 M, \highlight1 adds 29 new weapons\highlight0 )\par
EO. Overlord - Become an Evil Lich (469 M, \highlight1 adds 150+ new spells\highlight0 , 20+ perks, \par
                                    lich race, 80+ new items, quests, locations)\par
EP. Rally's Raven Rock (467 M, texture overhaul for Raven Rock)\par
EQ. Extra NPCs (466 M, \highlight1 adds over 2000 NPCs to various enemy factions\highlight0 )\par
ER. Castle Draco High Hrothgar (464 M)\par
ES. Vivid Weathers (464 M)\par
ET. Pop music pack (463 M)\par
EU. Colorful Magic (462 M)\par
EV. College of Winterhold Expanded (462 M)\par
EW. Willybach's Generic Signs Resource (460 M)\par
EX. LC_Citadel (460 M, \highlight1 adds a citadel \highlight0 size of a DLC, vendors)\par
EY. WiZkiD Signs (459 M, retexture of all the Skyrim signs)\par
EZ. Guards Overhaul - New Armors and Weapons (457 M)\par
FA. Book Covers Skyrim (456 M)\par
FB. Shumer and the Fall of Allagard SSE (456 M)\par
FC. Pirates of the North (452 M, \highlight1 four villages\highlight0 , an estate, two islands)\par
FD. The Haven from the Cold and Dark (450 M)\par
FE. The Masters Trial (450 M)\par
FF. Blended Roads Redone LE (450 M)\par
FG. The Forgotten Prince (449 M)\par
FH. The Master's Trial (449 M, Q & A)\par
FI. Nafaalilargus (442 M)\par
FJ. The Second Great War (440 M, Q & A)\par
FK. Different Whiterun (436 M)\par
FL. Weapons Collection 3 (435 M, adds 10 new craftable weapons)\par
FM. Konungr Keep (433 M)\par
FN. The Second Great War (432 M)\par
FO. The Iron Lass (430 M)\par
FP. Immersive Weapons (430 M, drastically enhances the variety of weapons)\par
FQ. \par
FR. SkyScape -- Runescape in Skyrim (427 M)\par
FS. Rally's All the Things (430 M, texture replacers)\par
FT. Immersive Music (423 M, \highlight1 adds 16 hours of carefully curated music\highlight0 )\par
FU. Y.A.L.O. - Yet Another Landscape Overhaul (421 M)\par
FV. Better Cities SSE - Solitude and Whiterun Overhaul (421 M, adds NPCs, buildings)\par
FW. Middle Earth Path of the Hobbit (420 M)\par
FX. Nyhus and the Border of Cyrodiil (416 M)\par
FY. 4K Raven Rock (413 M)\par
FZ. Heritage - Reflexive Enemies (413 M, \highlight1 adds 2000+ diverse new enemy NPCs\highlight0 )\par
GA. Beasts of Tamriel (412 M)\par
GB. Zelda Majora's Mask (408 M)\par
GC. Nyhus and the border of Cyrodiil (406 M, \highlight1 4 towns\highlight0 , NPCs, 2 dungeons, \highlight1 5 quests\highlight0 )\par
GD. The Pit of Sorrow (405 M)\par
GE. ARMONIZER Amors Pack (405 M)\par
GF. PIE Standalone Followers Reborn (400 M, \highlight1 adds 17 followers\highlight0 )\par
GG. Witchery Skill (397 M, expands vanilla Alchemy skill adding signs)\par
GH. Frankly HD Imperial Armor and Weapons (396 M)\par
GI. The FPI Gallery for Console Decorators (395 M)\par
GJ. Beasts of Tamriel (394 M, \highlight1 adds dozens of new creatures and monsters\highlight0 )\par
GK. Fossil Mining - with Legacy support (389 M, \highlight1 adds fossils while mining\highlight0 )\par
GL. Azeroth in Skyrim (387 M)\par
GM. The School of Bear (386 M)\par
GN. Lakeview Manor - As It Should Be (384 M)\par
GO. Chaos Dragons SSE (384 M, \highlight1 adds 45 new dragons \highlight0 and strengthens vanilla dragons)\par
GP. ETD - Every Tree Different Revamped (384 M, \highlight1 high quality retexture of trees\highlight0 )\par
GQ. Immersive Weapons (380 M)\par
GR. Immersive College of Winterhold (378 M)\par
GS. Meadomancy - Aegir Meadery (378 M, adds a new skill, magic utilizing alcoholic \par
                                drinks, build a meadery, merchants, production line)\par
GT. Skyrim Artwork Imports (375 M)\par
GU. The Gemstone Collector Remastered (375 M, \highlight1 adds 350 different gemstones \highlight0 for\par
                                       mining and looting, \highlight1 100 gem statues, 25 gem\highlight0\par
                                       \highlight1 skulls, 10 coin currencies\highlight0 , 5 ores, \par
                                       12 alloys, 32 weapons, armor, 100 gem chests)\par
GV. Skyrim Artwork Imports (372 M, \highlight1 adds dozens of paintings and tapestries to homes\highlight0 )\par
GW. The Elysian Sanctuary (371 M, player home)\par
GX. EEKs Whiterun Interiors SSE (371 M, overhauls Warmaidens, Aradia's Cauldron,\par
                                 The Bannered Mare and Belethor's store)\par
GY. Artifacts - The Breton Paladin (369 M)\par
GZ. \highlight1 Third Era Imports - Morrowind \highlight0 (369 M, \highlight1 adds a variety of armor and weapon sets\highlight0 )\par
HA. Pinecrest Estate (368 M, player home)\par
HB. Hammerfell Imports - Pedlars of Tamriel (360 M)\par
HC. Rudy HQ - Nordic Ruins (357 M)\par
HD. Willybach's Vanilla Clothing (356 M)\par
HE. Skyrim Overhauled Furniture Assembly (356 M, complete replacement of furniture)\par
HF. Skyrim Knights 2018 Edition (355 M, adds over 60 steel plate armor variants)\par
HG. T3ndO's Perkus Maximus SSE (355 M, \highlight1 hundreds of new perks, spells, and gear\highlight0 )\par
HH. OBIS - Organized Bandits in Skyrim (354 M, \highlight1 2500+ new bandits in 57 new types\highlight0 )\par
HI. Sindora's Morthal Blacksmith (352 M, adds two vendors, general goods, blacksmtih)\par
HJ. WiZkiD Signs (351 M)\par
HK. TARDIS - STL - Reborn (350 M)\par
HL. Serious HD SSE (348 M, group landscape textures)\par
HM. The Last Refuge (345 M, \highlight1 9 quests\highlight0 , hours of content, 1200+ lines dialogue)\par
HN. Reset Caves and Dungeons Textures (345 M)\par
HO. Windshore Islands (343 M)\par
HP. Expanded Towns and Cities DV (342 M)\par
HQ. Enhanced Vanilla Trees SE (342 M, tree overhaul package)\par
HR. Common Clothes (340 M)\par
HS. The Redguard Expansion - Prologue (339 M)\par
HT. Fantasy Soundtrek Project SE (338 M, \highlight1 12+ hours of music, 235 tracks\highlight0 )\par
HU. TTOA The Tombs of Anak (337 M)\par
HV. The Shroud of Jotunheim (336 M, \highlight1 8 hours gameplay\highlight0 )\par
HW. More Colorful Clothing (333 M)\par
HX. LC Feudal Keep (333 M, 50 planting soils, food barrels)\par
HY. Isle of Artaeum - Season 3 (329 M)\par
HZ. Distinct Interiors (328 M, small, simple changes)\par
IA. Ultimate NPC Overhaul II (325 M)\par
IB. JS Dragon Claws (325 M)\par
IC. Draugr Upgrades and Improvements (325 M)\par
ID. 4K Nordic Murals (323 M, improves quality, either 4K or 2K)\par
IE. Complete Alchemy and Cooking Overhaul (321 M)\par
IF. Xanthys (320 M)\par
IG. Mealtime - A Food and Recipe Mod (320 M, \highlight1 adds over 120 unique food items\highlight0 )\par
IH. The People of Skyrim Complete SSE (320 M, Immersion, massive world overhaul)\par
II. Draugr Upgrades and Improvements, (320 M, toughens vanilla Draugr, adds new varieties)\par
IJ. Extreme Combat Music (319 M)\par
IK. VHR - Vanilla Hair Replacer (318 M, made for men and mer)\par
IL. JS Purses and Septims SE (318 M, re-creation of Septims, Coin Purses, and Coin Piles)\par
IM. Fossil Mining (314 M)\par
IN. Whitewater Farm (314 M)\par
IO. Folkstead and the Border of Hammerfell (314 M, \highlight1 2 towns\highlight0 , 2 settlements)\par
IP. The Haven From The Cold and Dark (314 M, set of islands)\par
IQ. Skyrim - Discworld Alpha 0.1 (313 M)\par
IR. \highlight1 All Tamriel Heightmap \highlight0 (311 M) ***** +++ *****\par
IS. Vivid Landscapes - All in One - Special Edition (311 M)\par
IT. Immersive College of Winterhold (310 M, overhaul of the buildings and NPCs)\par
IU. Google's ESO Provisioning (308 M, \highlight1 adds over 100 new foods\highlight0 )\par
IV. Diverse Werewolves Collection (308 MB, total of 418 new enemies)\par
IW. Isle of Artaeum - Season 3 (307 M, three seasons, DLC sized, adds worldspaces,\par
                                spells, followers, quests)\par
IX. Riverwood Hunting Cabin (305 M, small player home)\par
IY. Shiva's Beautification of Unique NPCs (304 M, edits for over 800 NPCs)\par
IZ. Deithwen - Witcher Inspired Home (304 M, large player home)\par
JA. Legend of the Vae (303 M, new dungeon)\par
JB. T3nd0's Perkus Maximus (302 M, perk and gameplay overhaul, \highlight1 hundreds of new\highlight0\par
                            \highlight1 perks, spells, and pieces of gear\highlight0 )\par
JC. Stonecrest City Reborn (302 M, \highlight1 new town\highlight0 , quests, 50+ NPCs)\par
JD. Artifacts of Ultima - Special Edition (300 M, a collection of weapons)\par
JE. Lore Weapon Expansion SE (300 M, expands available weapons via loot and crafting)\par
JF. Vanilla Table Replacers (299 M)\par
JG. Inferno - The Blood Marked - SSE Port (299 M, Q & A)\par
JH. Mighty Solitude - A Texture Replacer, 298 M)\par
JI. Tower of Light (297 M)\par
JJ. Northpoint Realistic Armory (296 M, \highlight1 adds 62 weapons from High Rock\highlight0 )\par
JK. Beyond Skyrim - Wares of Tamriel (295 M, adds a new voiced merchant with\par
                                      \highlight1 new items from across Tamriel and beyond\highlight0 )\par
JL. Nevah's Keep (291 M, player home/castle)\par
JM. Industrial Area Helgen (291 M, rebuilds Helgen)\par
JN. Retouched NPCs of Skyrim SE -- All in One (288 M)\par
JO. CleverCharff's Forts and Dungeons LE (287 M, retexture in 4K, 2K, and 1K)\par
JP. NPCs of Dibella (286 M)\par
JQ. Nevah's Keep (285 M, large, very detailed castle/player home)\par
JR. Tamriel Reloaded - Interiors (283 M, sewers, mines, prisons, ratway, etc.)\par
JS. Markarth Black Market (282 M)\par
JT. Karthside Estate (281 M)\par
JU. Tava's Blessing (280 M, new port city)\par
JV. Wowbagger and the Fourth Wall (280 M, large quest, side quests, follower, spells)\par
JV. Mage Robes Retexture PSD file (280 M)\par
JW. Daddy Issues - Quest (279 M)\par
JX. Weapons of Skyrim (279 M)\par
JY. The March of the Dwemer (277 M, \highlight1 massive quest mod\highlight0 )\par
JZ. Hunters World Revisited (277 M, a new worldspace for hunters)\par
KA. Animallica - Skyrim Wildlife Overhaul (276 M)\par
KB. ETD - Every Tree Different (276 M, complete retexture in high quality)\par
KC. \par
KD. Stunning Statues of Skyrim (272 M, all statues remade in HD)\par
KE. Coldhaven - A Vampire City (272 M, location)\par
KF. CONAN Hyborian Age SE (272 M, dungeon, creatures, weapons, armors, traps)\par
KG. INIGO (271 M, voiced khajiit follower with \highlight1 over 7,000 lines of dialogue\highlight0 )\par
KH. Mealtime - a Food and Recipe Mod (270 M, \highlight1 adds 120+ unique food items\highlight0 )\par
KI. Enhanced Landscapes (269 M, adds thousands of objects, improves distance appearance)\par
KJ. Interior Decorations (268 M)\par
KK. Apepi's Better College of Winterhold (266 M)\par
KL. Social NPCs (266 M)\par
KM. 8K Pine Forest (266 M)\par
KN. Sea Giants (266 M)\par
KO. Guards Armor Replacer SSE (264 M, replacements for guards and Stormcloaks)\par
KP. MystiriousDawn's HD Skyrim Overhaul (264 M, 148 textures for landscapes)\par
KQ. Sea Giants (264 M, creature)\par
KR. Agent of Righteous Might - SSE (264 M, \highlight1 16 long quests\highlight0 , undercover agent)\par
KS. Navies of Skyrim SE (261 M, \highlight1 adds a town\highlight0 , military port, naval vessels)\par
KT. Skallagrim's Armory (261 M, adds 7 unique historically accurate weapons)\par
KU. Bosmer Armor Pack (260 M, 5 main sets with 29 armor pieces, 6 weapon pieces)\par
KV. Jarls Re-Imagined LE (259 M, visual overhual for all 17 jarls)\par
KW. Fried's Male Skin Textures (259 M, skin texture replacer for human and mer)\par
KX. RipX's the Gemstone Prophecy (257 M)\par
KY. Pit of 100 Battles (257 M, dungeon)\par
KZ. Wolfpaint - Face - Facepaint Collection (257 M, \highlight1 200+ facepaints\highlight0 , 12 sets)\par
LA. Jets Swords Collection (256 M, \highlight1 adds 57 swords, greatswords, and daggers\highlight0 )\par
LB. Hunters World SSE (255 M, new worldspace for hunters)\par
LC. Spice of Life - Forts (253 M)\par
LD. Unique Dungeons Caves and Rocks (251 M)\par
LE. Skyrims Unique Treasures (251 M, \highlight1 adds hundreds of unique items, treasures,\par
\highlight0                               \highlight1 and weapons to Skyrim for players to find)\highlight0\par
LF. Stunning Statues of Skyrim (249 M, all statues remade in HD)\par
LG. Skyrim Flora Overhaul (249 M, more detailed trees and flora)\par
LH. Khajiit will Follow (247 M, adds 4 voiced followers, quests)\par
LI. Inferno - The Blood Marked (245 M, dungeon)\par
LJ. Vivid Landscapes - Orc and Farmhouses (244 M)\par
LK. Knights Templar of Skyrim The Landing Faction Mod with Quests (243 M)\par
LL. HD Reworked Dragons Collection 4K (243 M)\par
LM. Serious HD Retexture Skyrim (243 M)\par
LN. Frankly HD Dawnguard Armor and Weapons (242 M)\par
LO. BRG The Gourmet - Food and Ingredients (241 M, \highlight1 adds 200+ new foods, \par
\highlight0                                             \highlight1 adds 600+ new ingredients\highlight0 )\par
LP. The Wheels of Lull (241 M, voiced DLC sized, \highlight1 10+ new quests\highlight0 , sprawling\par
                        dungeons, multiple armors and weapons, Sotha Sil)\par
LQ. Haladoon's Retexture Project (241 M, puzzle doors, puzzle pillars, word\par
                                  walls, standing stones, murals, ruins clutter)\par
LR. The Dark World (240 M, \highlight1 new worldspace\highlight0 , main quest)\par
LS. 8K Nordic Mountains (239 M, 4K and 16K as well)\par
LT. Stonecrest City Reborn SE (237 M, \highlight1 town\highlight0 , quests, 50+ NPCs, some voiced)\par
LU. TES - High Rock (236 M)\par
LV. The Tale of Tsatampra Xiros (236 M, Q & A)\par
LW. Raven Castle SSE (236 M, large player castle home, cemetary)\par
LX. Shezarrine - The Fate of Tamriel (236 M, Q & A)\par
LY. WOWBAGGER AND THE FOURTH WALL (235 M, custom weapons and spells, \highlight1 quest line\highlight0 )\par
LZ. Inferno II (234 M)\par
MA. Witcher 2 Armor Collection (234 M, Helmets and Armours)\par
MB. Lich Kings Dungeon (234 M)\par
MC. Tish the Blade (233 M, an Orsimer follower)\par
MD. Castle Dovah SE (233 M, enormouse castle built into a mountain)\par
ME. Salem - Arena Tournament and DLC (231 M)\par
MF. The Isabella (231 M)\par
MG. Shadowstar castle town (230 M)\par
MH. Ohmes Criminals - Outlanders (230 M)\par
MI. The True Classic Chromatic Dragons (230 M)\par
MJ. Edoras - City of the Horse (230 M)\par
MK. Relics of the Reach (228 M)\par
ML. Shezarrine - The Fate of Tamriel - Prologue (227 M)\par
MM. DovKroniid Redoubt and Border Forts of Skyrim (226 M)\par
MN. Tyrynariele (226 M)\par
MO. Rustic Daedra (226 M)\par
MP. Skyrim Witcher Experience (225 M)\par
MQ. Spellblade (224 MB, \highlight1 adds over 100 unique enchantments\highlight0 )\par
MR. Ohmes Criminals - Outlanders (223 M, creature)\par
MS. Static Skyrim (223 M, gameplay overhaul, leveling, perks, economy, enemies,\par
                   loot, combat, mechanics)\par
MT. The Bat of Skyrim (222 M, Q & A)\par
MU. Tel Nalta SE - Telvanni Home (222 M, \highlight1 town\highlight0 , pool, greenhouse, fish hatchery,\par
                                  \highlight1 catacombs\highlight0 , NPCs, robes, conjuration creatures)\par
MV. Giants and Mammoths HD Tribute Pack (221 M)\par
MW. RUSTIC DAEDRA - Special Edition (221 M, high res retexture of flame, frost,\par
                                     storm atronachs, lurker, seeker)\par
MX. Complete Alchemy and Cooking Overhaul (221 M)\par
MY. Skyrim Witcher Experience Enhanced (219 M, monsters, signs, armor, weapons)\par
MZ. Hyperborean Snow LE (220 M)\par
NA. Gecko's Nordic Ruins Textures (217 M, up to 4K overhaul of textures)\par
NB. Immersive Sounds - Compendium (216 M, extensively customizable overhaul)\par
NC. Dwarven Colossus (216 M, creature)\par
ND. Tamriel Master Lights (216 M, complete exteriors lighting overhaul)\par
NE. 4K HD Fine Mines (216 M, retexture of the mines)\par
NF. High Fantasy Deer and Elk (214 M, 4K resolution deer and elk textures)\par
NG. High Quality Food and Ingredients SE (212 M)\par
NH. Tytanium Dragon Generation (211 M)\par
NI. Gjolmer (210 M)\par
NJ. Kaidan 2 (210 M, romantic follower, over 1200 lines dialogue, mini quests)\par
NK. Ancient Cave (208 M, adds a \highlight1 huge dungeon and an underground city\highlight0 )\par
NL. Diverse Dragons Collection SE (208 M, adds 28 unique leveled enemy dragons)\par
NM. Dwemer Colosseum (206 M)\par
NN. The Sinister Seven (205 M)\par
NO. The Evil Mansion - Final Edition (205 M, mansion/player house)\par
NP. Expanded Towns and Cities (204 M)\par
NQ. Vivid Clouds and Fogs (200 M)\par
NR. Tamriel Reloaded HD (200 M)\par
NS. GKB Green Trees (199 M)\par
NT. Friendly Animals of Skyrim (199 M)\par
NU. Dorthal - The Humble Town (198 M)\par
NV. Blackwood Company Hall (196 M, adds a \highlight1 new faction\highlight0 )\par
NW. Tribunal Robes and Masks for SSE (196 M, heavy, light, and clothes types)\par
NX. Virelda - The Heretical Soothsayer (195 M, follower)\par
NY. Song of Parkin-san (195 M, quests, village, NPCs)\par
NZ. Ayleid Citadel SE (195 M, \highlight1 Ayleid themed town\highlight0 , worldspace, shops,\par
                       merchants, homes, gardens, pools, recreation areas)\par
OA. The Underdark (194 M)\par
OB. Book Cover Skyrim - Lost Library (193 M, \highlight1 adds 295 books from earlier TES games\highlight0 )\par
OC. The Gray Cowl of Nocturnal SE (193 M, Q & A)\par
OD. Skyland Nordic Ruins (193 M, complete overhaul of tombs, ruins, Orc longhouses)\par
OE. Song of Parkin-san (191 M, quest mod)\par
OF. \par
OG. Tomega Estate V2.0 (189 M, series of quests, \highlight1 21 voiced characters\highlight0 )\par
OH. Isle of Artaeum - Season 1 (187 M)\par
OI. Dauorrin the Draugr City (187 M)\par
OJ. Skyrim Underground (186 M, \highlight1 underground dungeon system\highlight0 )\par
OK. Riften in High Definition (186 M, texture overhaul, 4K and 2K resolutions)\par
OL. Skyrims Unique Treasures (185 M, \highlight1 adds hundreds of unique items\highlight0 )\par
OM. Crystal Creek Mansion (185 M, large player home, supports adoption)\par
ON. Cheesemod for EVERYONE (184 M, \highlight1 adds over a hundred new types of cheese\highlight0 )\par
OO. Expaned Towns and Cities (184 M)\par
OP. Medieval Candlehorns and Sconces (182 M, custom made 3d model replacers\par
                                      for candlehorns, sconces, ruin candles, lanterns)\par
OQ. Lost Colony of Akavir (180 M)\par
OR. The Gemstone Collector (180 M, \highlight1 adds 22 mining ores, 300+ new gemstones \highlight0 to\par
                            mine, loot, and trade, 50 mining grottos, hundreds\par
                            of different gem treasures, jewelry)\par
OS. The Husk (178 M)\par
OT. Ahbiilok (177 M, a series of dungeons)\par
OU. Legendary Cities - Tes Arena (177 M, \highlight1 adds 7 historical TES cities\highlight0 )\par
OV. EEKs Arcadia's Cauldron SSE (177 M, overhaul, meshes and textures)\par
OW. Bellyaches Animal and Creature Pack (175 M, over 100 textures)\par
OX. \par
OY. The Stanley Paradox (173 M)\par
OZ. CC's HQ Mines Redone (173 M, retexture)\par
PA. Ravengate - Riften Underground (173 M, 14 voice acted characters)\par
PB. The Volgon Isles (172 M, \highlight1 huge cities, amazing dungeons\highlight0 )\par
PC. Helgen Reborn (172 M, fully voiced adventure, \highlight1 20+ NPCs\highlight0 , underground slavery\par
                   ring, battle in an arena, help rebuild town, Q & A)\par
PD. RIS - Real Ice and Snow (172 M, snow, icicles, iceberg textures)\par
PE. Akaviri Stoned Temple of Highness (171 M, a new dungeon)\par
PF. Pistols (171 M, \highlight1 adds 15 pistols\highlight0 , mostly found in Dwemer ruins)\par
PG. Hunting in Skyrim - A Hunting Guild (168 M)\par
PH. CV2 - Simon's Quest Remade (168 M, new quest, \highlight1 worldspace\highlight0 )\par
PI. Ravengate - Riften Underground (167 M, 10 unique opponents, 14 voiced NPCs)\par
PJ. Corpus Victims (166 M, adds 17 variants of dunmer afflicted by Corprus Disease)\par
PK. EEKs Warmaidens SSE (166 M, overhauls store in Whiterun)\par
PL. Dreyma Mod (164 M, adds 95 minutes of curated music)\par
PM. The Temple of Time Kokiri's Valley SE (163 M, locations, new lights and models)\par
PN. Aghemmor Nakh (163 M, location)\par
PO. Valhalla Tomb (161 M)\par
PP. Birchwood Manor SE (161 M, room for 6 kids and 9 followers, all crafting\par
                        stations, planting soils, \highlight1 swimming pool\highlight0 , custom displays)\par
PQ. Clan Tremere Mod Resurected (161 M, quests, locations, \highlight1 new guild\highlight0 )\par
PR. Inferno - Envoys of End (160 M, Q & A)\par
PS. Improved Adoptions (159 M, better behaviors for adopted kids and spouse)\par
PT. Lake Haven (159 M, player home, lots of storage, room for 6 kids, 8 followers)\par
PU. Weissadler's Hamlet (159 M, Q & A)\par
PV. Children of the Gods (158 M, Q & A)\par
PW. Dynamic Animal Variants (157 M, different texture variants)\par
PX. More Colorful Collectibles LE (156 M, \highlight1 about 90 new items\highlight0 )\par
PY. Tamrielic Textures SE 1 - Landscapes (156 M, 4K, 2K, and 1K retextures)\par
PZ. Dauorrin the Draugr City (155 M)\par
QA. The Brotherhood of Old - SSE (155 M, \highlight1 24 quests\highlight0 , rebuild the Brotherhood)\par
QB. Skyothic (154 M)\par
QC. Weissadler's Hamlet (154 M, quest mod)\par
QD. Liliths Tools Redone (154 M, \highlight1 adds 90 weapons and an armor set\highlight0 )\par
QE. Centaurs (154 M, creature)\par
QF. Dwarven Island (153 M)\par
QG. TW3 armor (153 M, \highlight1 adds 9 armors sets from The Witcher 3\highlight0 )\par
QH. Naldesia-a new world (153 M)\par
QI. The Nightingale Brotherhood (152 M, \highlight1 a new joinable faction\highlight0 )\par
QJ. Brigandage (152 M, \highlight1 adds 36 new armors for bandits, brigands, and thieves\highlight0 )\par
QK. Ayleid Ruins of Arashai (151 M, dungeon)\par
QL. Merged Mihail Megafauna (151 M, saves slot spaces in load list)\par
QM. Valley of Outcasts (151 M, citadel, 1000+ lines of voiced dialogue, \highlight1 12 quests\highlight0 )\par
QN. \par
QO. Children of the Gods (150 M)\par
QP. JaySuS Swords SE (149 M, \highlight1 adds 50 handcrafted weapons that can be crafted\highlight0 )\par
QQ. Invasion of Skyrim (149 M, Q & A)\par
QR. Nevermore Pond (148 M, adds a house, alchemy ingredient, \highlight1 25 planting pots\highlight0 )\par
QS. The Tools of Kagrenac (148 M, quest, \highlight1 dungeons, artifacts\highlight0 , spells, voiced)\par
QT. Dwarven Magetta (146 M, firebreathing dwemer automatons)\par
QU. \par
QV. KARANDIROO (145 M, a new dungeon)\par
QW. Alduin Way MainQuest (144 M)\par
QX. More Colorful Conjuration - Bottles (144 M, adds 50+ summons to be found)\par
QY. Borcha's Hunting Quests (143 M)\par
QZ. Bunch of Wanderers SE (142 M, adds over 300 NPCs, can hire most of them)\par
RA. Natural Farmhouse Homes (142 M, \highlight1 a collection of player homes\highlight0 )\par
RB. \highlight1 201 Stained Glass Lanterns \highlight0 (141 M, craftable, placeable, moveable, 6 levels\par
                                of lighting, custom fittings for hanging)\par
RC. THE ENEMY OF MY ENEMY (141 M, Q & A, civil war, Thalmor, Ulfric, empire)\par
RD. TLIQuest (140 M)\par
RE. Cliffside Cottage (138 M, player home, space for 6 kids, 5 followers)\par
RF. A Drained Blood Line - Episode I (137 M)\par
RG. Mines of Moria Revised and Expanded (137 M)\par
RH. Creatures House (136 M)\par
RI. Hunting in Skyrim - A Hunting Guild SE (136 M, \highlight1 adds a Hunting Guild\highlight0 ,\par
                        realistic animal skinning, animal trapping)\par
RJ. Shadow World (136 M, mini-DLC, five hidden black markets, quests)\par
RK. The Tools of Kagrenac (135 M, quest, \highlight1 dungeons\highlight0 , fully voiced)\par
RL. New Lore-Friendly Dungeons (135 M, \highlight1 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
RM. Climates of Tamriel (134 M, weather & lighting overhaul, cloud textures,\par
                         \highlight1 darker dungeons, darker nights\highlight0 , hundreds of weather systems)\par
RN. Keep it Clean - A Bathing Mod (134 M, adds cleanliness to gameplay, adds\par
                                   \highlight1 bathing rooms \highlight0 to inns, \highlight1 soap\highlight0  to vendors,\par
                                   wash water to cookpots, placeable washbaskets)\par
RO. Fantasy Forest Overhaul (133 M, \highlight1 adds thousands of trees\highlight0 )\par
RP. Minotaurs (133 M, creature)\par
RQ. Solitude Furniture (132 M, a store that sells weapon racks, plaques, display\par
                        cases, candles, containers, work benches, dressers,\par
                        chairs, tables, beds, ladders, dock items)\par
RR. The Elder Songs (132 M, \highlight1 adds new music\highlight0 )\par
RS. The Forgotten City (128 M, \highlight1 8 hours gameplay\highlight0 )\par
RT. Harbourside Manor (128 M, player home, room for 6 kids and 8 followers)\par
RU. Skyrim Flora Overhaul SE (128 M, \highlight1 18 tree models, 65+ grasses and plants\highlight0 )\par
RV. \highlight1 Sounds of Skyrim Complete SE \highlight0 (128 M, merged version of three mods) *****\par
RW. Legend of Azkaruelgraz (127 M, dungeon, quest)\par
RX. Underwater Palace (127 M, player home)\par
RY. Shades of the Rift (127 M, quest, player home)\par
RZ. Populated Skyrim HELL EDITION for OPEN CITIES (127 M, merged mods) *****\par
SA. Tytanis (126 M)\par
SB. Phenderix Magic World (126 M, spells, weapons, followers, locations)\par
SC. Umbra Island Director's Cut (125 M)\par
SD. Lands of the Fine Winds (125 M)\par
SE. Snowbound Acres (124 M)\par
SF. Artifacts of Skyrim (124 M, \highlight1 adds 15 new artifacts hidden across Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
SG. Take Me Away (124 M)\par
SH. A Big Mistake (124 M, quest, dungeon)\par
SI. Celtic Music in Skyrim - SE (123 MB, \highlight1 adds 79 tracks, Celtic, Fantasy, Viking\highlight0 )\par
SJ. The Hanging Gardens - A Quest (122 M)\par
SK. Dark Haven (122 M, new world, quest)\par
SL. The Husk SE (122 M, Q & A)\par
SM. Additional Music Project (121 M, \highlight1 adds 60 tracks, providing 3 hours 44 min\highlight0 )\par
SN. Superior Chaurus - 4k Retexture (121 M)\par
SO. SeaPoint Settlement (120 M)\par
SP. Riftvale Lode (120 M, player home, space for 6 kids and 6 followers)\par
SQ. The Shadow of the Underking (120 MB)\par
SR. Skeleton 4k retexture (120 M)\par
SS. The Dead Deed (120 M, quest mod)\par
ST. Sjel Blad Castle (119 M, player home, armory, forge, \highlight1 barracks, sanctuary\highlight0 ,\par
                      \highlight1 vault, trophy hall, stables\highlight0 , guards, companions)\par
SU. Hunterton - Scrimshaw Expanded SSE (119 M, \highlight1 adds hundreds of recipes and items\highlight0 )\par
SV. Voyage to the Dreamborne Isles (118 M)\par
SW. Dwarven Sentinels (118 M, creature)\par
SX. The Daedra Returns (117 MB)\par
SY. Isle of Artaeum - Season 1 and 2 (117 M, \highlight1 guilds/factions\highlight0 )\par
SZ. Shadow of the Dragon God (115 M, quest)\par
TA. The World Tree of Skyrim (115 M, \highlight1 9 houses, 21 companions, unicorns\highlight0 )\par
TB. BlackLand (115 MB, \highlight1 20 hours of gameplay\highlight0 , new quests, \highlight1 dungeons\highlight0 , village)\par
TC. Whispers of the Sixth House (114 M, quest)\par
TD. Death Mountain 2 SSE (114 M, Q & A, \highlight1 30+ hours content\highlight0 , five new worlds)\par
TE. Depths of Skyrim (113 M)\par
TF. T3nd0's Skyrim SE Redone (113 M, gameplay overhaul, perks, races, combat,\par
                              standing stones, survival, encounter zones)\par
TG. The Classic Scrolls (113 M, attributes, classes, birthsigns system)\par
TH. Waterview in Skyrim (113 M, player home, \highlight1 bathroom, shower\highlight0 , kitchen)\par
TI. Away - Come Away (113 M, new quest, armor, greatsword, longbow)\par
TJ. Chu Mountain (112 M, \highlight1 adds towns\highlight0 , 3 quests, items, \highlight1 cuisine\highlight0 )\par
TK. NIFLHOLM - Hall Under the Mountain (112 M, player home with \highlight1 working organ\highlight0 )\par
TL. HD Reworked Horses (111 M, 4K/2K textures for horses)\par
TM. \par
TN. The Evil Dead Mod (110 M, small worldspace, quest)\par
TO. Better Farmhouses - 4K (110 M, high res 4K textures)\par
TP. The Sinister Seven SSE (110 M, \highlight1 questline\highlight0 )\par
TQ. Doltania (109 M, new lands mod, new quests, \highlight1 dungeons\highlight0 , homes)\par
TR. MD's Photoreal Mines (109 M, 4K and 2K overhaul for mine textures)\par
TS. Lucien (109 M, fully voiced Imperial follower with \highlight1 3000 lines of dialogue\highlight0 )\par
TT. Akavir - BETA (108 M)\par
TU. Synthesis Redux (108 M, \highlight1 adds 177 spells with unique effects\highlight0 )\par
TV. Uncraftable Complete (108 M, adds a new smithing tree, manual, lesser power)\par
TW. The Forgotten City (108 M, Q & A, \highlight1 8 hours content, underground city\highlight0 )\par
TX. RUGNAROK (108 M, overhauls and expands rug textures, 2k and 1k)\par
TY. Voyage to the Dreamborne Isles SE (108 M, \highlight1 new lands\highlight0 , grand quest)\par
TZ. Here There be Monsters - Trollhunter (107 M, quest)\par
UA. Livia Salvian Revamped (107 M, follower with over \highlight1 1500 lines of diaglogue\highlight0 )\par
UB. The Cedarvale Estate (107 M, player home and quest)\par
UC. MD's Farmhouses (107 M, 4k and 2k options for retextures)\par
UD. Aghemmor Nakh (106 M)\par
UE. Konahrik's Accoutrements (106 M, Q & A)\par
UF. Demonika (106 M)\par
UG. Underhanded Slavery (105 M)\par
UH. Daedric Realms - Volume 1 (105 M, location, \highlight1 hunting\highlight0 )\par
UI. The Sky Residence (105 M, \highlight1 new worldspace\highlight0 , quests)\par
UJ. Skydrone (104 M, a new land)\par
UK. Reunited Tamriel - Morrowind (104 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
UL. Dovahmage Tower (103 M)\par
UM. Depths of Skyrim (103 M, \highlight1 overhauls the underwater environment\highlight0 , adds content)\par
UN. Heimfeigr (103 M, \highlight1 large dungeon\highlight0 )\par
UO. Dragonfall Castle SE (103 M, player home)\par
UP. Bjornheim SSE (103 M, \highlight1 fort\highlight0 )\par
UQ. Underhanded Slavery (102 M, location, NPCs, \highlight1 creatures\highlight0 , weapons, armors)\par
UR. Curse of the Hound Amulet (102 M, Q & A, cave, quest, \highlight1 enemies\highlight0 , armors)\par
US. The Land of Mordor (101 M)\par
UT. The Grand Paladin (100 M, \highlight1 60 minutes gameplay\highlight0 )\par
UU. Cloaks of the Nords (100 M, retextures cloaks and capes)\par
UV. WIP Tales and Tallows: Deathbell (99 M)\par
UW. Become a Bard (99 M)\par
UX. Crater of Exile (98 M)\par
UY. The Valley of Peace (97 M, new location, \highlight1 world space\highlight0 )\par
UZ. Coins of Tamriel SSE (97 M, complete coin overhaul)\par
VA. The House of the Savage Animals (96 M)\par
VB. Fort Castellum (96 M, new dungeon)\par
VC. Club Obos (96 M, fully \highlight1 voiced quest line\highlight0 )\par
VD. Creatures House SE (96 M, Nursery Home for young creatures)\par
VE. Fort Castellum SE (96 M, new dungeon with valuable items, bandits)\par
VF. Skyrim 2019 (96 M, 4K/2K landscape pack photogrammetry)\par
VG. Remember the Old Ways II (95 M, new building)\par
VH. Revenants of the Forbidden Order (95 M, Q & A, quest)\par
VI. RedBag's Morthal - SE (95 M, overhaul for Morthal, 3D assets)\par
VJ. Providence and Pestilence (94 M, Peryite's Pits, player home)\par
VK. Song of the Green (94 M, voiced follower, quest)\par
VL. Brhuce Hammar - Legacy (93 M, \highlight1 five enormous quests\highlight0 )\par
VM. Outcast Valley (93 M)\par
VN. Tropical Islands SE (93 M, \highlight1 new world space\highlight0 )\par
VO. Skystone Castle (92 M, player castle)\par
VP. The Evil Dead Mod SE (92 M, Q & A)\par
VQ. Enlarged Dwarven Storeroom (91 M)\par
VR. The Burning Heart English (91 M, quest, dungeon, 3 new books)\par
VS. Christmas Advent Calendar (91 M)\par
VT. Alex's Nereron (91 M, custom voiced Dunmer companion, over 400 voicelines)\par
VU. MASMORRA (91 M, new dungeon)\par
VV. Satellite World Map (91 M)\par
VW. Tramp's Rest -- A Tribute (91 M, dungeon)\par
VX. Prehistoric Animals (91 M)\par
VY. Blood and Silver - Cidhna Mine Expanded (90 M, \highlight1 massive expansion\highlight0 )\par
VZ. Moonpath to Elsweyr SSE (90 M, Q & A)\par
WA. Solitude Home (90 M, 3 floors and a cave)\par
WB. Ghosus Weapon Pack (89 M, \highlight1 add 18 new weapons in 32 variations\highlight0 )\par
WC. Yennefer of Vengerberg (89 M, voiced follower)\par
WD. \highlight1 Rock Golems \highlight0 (89 M, creature)\par
WE. Willybach's Whiterun (89 M, complete overhaul, \highlight1 over 100 NPCs\highlight0 , merchants, guards)\par
WF. Aibellia Island (88 M)\par
WG. \highlight1 Iron Atronach \highlight0 (88 M, crerature)\par
WH. More Colorful Critters (88 M, new and improved bug jars, \highlight1 new plants\highlight0 )\par
WI. The Matherian Viking Shields Set II (87 MB)\par
WJ. Kamdoon (87 M)\par
WK. CL's Barrels and Crates (87 M, replacer for all barrels and static crates, some chests)\par
WL. CleverCharff's Nordic Ruins (86 M, retexture of Nordic ruins and catacombs)\par
WM. 28 Days and a Bit 5 (85 M)\par
WN. Summonable Followers SE (85 M, adds 83 summonable followers)\par
WO. More Weapons Please SE (85 M, \highlight1 adds 29 standalone weapons and a shield\highlight0 )\par
WP. Music of Tamriel (85 M, \highlight1 adds the soundtrack of Morrowind and Oblivion\highlight0 )\par
WQ. Calling of the Conjurer (85 M, \highlight1 adds 201 conjuration spells, magic shop\highlight0 )\par
WR. \par
WS. \highlight1 Land Dreughs \highlight0 (84 M, creature)\par
WT. Dawnstar Overhaul (84 M)\par
WU. Prehistoric Animals SE (84 M, place wherever you want)\par
WV. Glory Days - Music of Skyrim (84 M, \highlight1 a total music overhaul\highlight0 , new high quality)\par
WW. The Witcher 3 Weaponry (84 M, \highlight1 adds 24 unique swords\highlight0 )\par
WX. Diablo 1 for Skyrim (84 M, remade in Skyrim)\par
WY. The Burning Heart (83 M, 3 new books, dungeon, quest)\par
WZ. VIGILANT Voiced (83 M, \highlight1 23 voice actors\highlight0 )\par
XA. Death Mountain (83 M, Q & A)\par
XB. Whiterun Valley (83 M, \highlight1 adds 24 buildings\highlight0 , a market district, mine, camps)\par
XC. Cloaks of Skyrim (82 M, \highlight1 adds nearly 100 new styles of cloak\highlight0 )\par
XD. Geralt of Rivia SSE Voiced Follower (82 M)\par
XE. Aspen Manor SE (82 M, large manor)\par
XF. SkyTEST - Realistic Animals and Predators SE (82 M, gives new AI to animals)\par
XG. Skyrim Scarves and Mufflers (82 M, \highlight1 provides over 50 styles\highlight0 )\par
XH. The Well - A Home in the Rift (82 M)\par
XI. UNP Jewelry Variants (81 M, \highlight1 285 total items\highlight0 )\par
XJ. Silent Moons Camp Reborn (81 M, overhaul)\par
XK. Shiny Creatures (81 M, adds colored creatures)\par
XL. Radiant and Unique Potions and Poisons HD (81 M, \highlight1 over 100 new textures\highlight0 )\par
XM. Challenge of the Divines (80 M, quest)\par
XN. Cairnstone Tower (80 M)\par
XO. Realistic Water Two SE (80 M)\par
XP. Undeath Remastered (80 M, Q & A, quest)\par
XQ. EEK's Belethors General Goods Overhaul SSE (80 M)\par
XR. Underground Dwelling (80 M, player home)\par
XS. Golden Saints (80 M, aka Aureal)\par
XT. MJY The Mysterious Island (79 M)\par
XU. Tropical Islands (79 M)\par
XV. Agent of Righteous Might (79 M, \highlight1 16 long quests\highlight0 )\par
XW. Pheasants Ducks and Chickens (79 M, \highlight1 12 variants of chickens, 19 variants\par
\highlight0                                   \highlight1 of pheasants, 44 variants of ducks, 1 parrot\highlight0 )\par
XX. Kyne's Breath - Weapon Pack (79 M, \highlight1 adds almost 50 new weapons\highlight0 )\par
XY. EEKs Renthal Flora Collection (79 M, \highlight1 adds 70 plant meshes/textures\highlight0 )\par
XZ. Ice Golem (79 M, creature)\par
YA. Cirilla (Ciri) Fiona Elen Riannon (79 M, \highlight1 adds Ciri to Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
YB. \highlight1 Golden Saints \highlight0 (79 M, creature, aka Aureal)\par
YC. Relationship Dialogue Overhaul (78 M, \highlight1 adds over 5000 lines of voiced dialogue\highlight0 )\par
YD. Fort Wolfhead (78 M)\par
YE. Xivilai (78 M)\par
YF. The House of the Savage Animals SE (77 M, \highlight1 adds many animals \highlight0 in Skyrim)\par
YG. Skyrim Revamped - Complete Enemy Overhaul (77 M, variation and hard battles)\par
YH. Electra and Chaotic Magic (77 M, \highlight1 adds 108 custom spells, merchant\highlight0 )\par
YI. Aqua House (77 M, house under water, plenty of storage, full crafting)\par
YJ. The Elder Scrolls Online Imports (77 M, adds lore and features)\par
YK. Shamatz a Morrowind type Dwemer Dungeon (76 M)\par
YL. The Daedra Return 2 (76 M)\par
YM. DIVERSE SKYRIM SSE (76 M, \highlight1 adds over 300 NPCs \highlight0 with unique appearances)\par
YN. Narrative Loot (76 M, \highlight1 adds 1629 new items to loot lists\highlight0 )\par
YO. L.V.X Magick's - Boats (76 M, \highlight1 fully workable, buildable boats\highlight0 ) *****\par
YP. Immersive World Encounters (75 M, \highlight1 70+ new random events\highlight0 )\par
YQ. Cloaks of Skyrim (75 M, \highlight1 adds almost 100 new styles of cloak\highlight0 , can craft)\par
YR. \par
YS. Morskom Estate (75 M, large player home, short quest)\par
YT. Fully Flying Dragons SE (74 M, \highlight1 fly with 58 dragons\highlight0 )\par
YU. Skyrim 3D Cooking (74 M, extremely detailed remodel of cooking appliances and objects)\par
YV. New Rugs and Pelts (73 M)\par
YW. The Hideaway (73 M, find a hidden cave, make it your home)\par
YX. Morfree Lodge (73 M, player home, quest)\par
YY. 2-4k Highland Cow Retexture (73 M, replaces cows, highland cows, painted cows)\par
YZ. Gluttonborn (73 M, \highlight1 adds tons of new recipes to the game\highlight0 )\par
ZA. Cities of the North - Dawnstar (73 M, a new set of unique buildings)\par
ZB. \highlight1 Guardian Spectres \highlight0 (73 M, creature)\par
ZC. Stalker Under the Blood Man (72 M)\par
ZD. Dark Forests of Skyrim SE (72 M, landscape overhauls, \highlight1 over 100 types of flora\highlight0 )\par
ZE. Realistic HD Food (72 M)\par
ZF. Terrace of Eternal Suffering (71 M)\par
ZG. The Glamoril (71 M, quest, 2 dungeons, \highlight1 20 spells\highlight0 , player home)\par
ZH. Birds - Mounts - Hordes and Followers (71 M)\par
ZI. Gorgons and Medusa to Skyrim (71 M)\par
ZJ. s6o6t LORE - Oblivion gates v2 (70 M, adds 12 Oblivion gate ruins)\par
ZK. Half-Moon Mill Vampire Town (70 M)\par
ZL. Journey to Hammerfell (70 M)\par
ZM. CC's HD Daedric Weapons and Armor (70 M, 4K and 2K retextures)\par
ZN. Kyne's Weathers and Seasons (70 M)\par
ZO. \highlight1 Rotten Maidens \highlight0 (70 M, creature)\par
ZP. Camomile (69 M, quest)\par
ZQ. Death Mountain (69 M)\par
ZR. Daedric Castle SE (69 M, player home, adoptions, followers, crafting, displays)\par
ZS. Dwemer Manor SE (69 M, player home, all crafting stations, displays, adoptions)\par
ZT. Falkreath Cave House SSE (69 M, player home)\par
ZU. Colovian Noble Clothes (69 M, a set of fine clothes for lords and ladies,\par
                            many colors, male and female versions)\par
ZV. The Shadow of Meresis (68 M, quest, \highlight1 new locations, dungeons\highlight0 , NPCs)\par
ZW. CC's HQ Caves (68 M, retexture of the cavewalls and cavefloor)\par
ZX. High Level Enemies (68 M, \highlight1 adds 874 new enemies\highlight0 , bandits, forsworn, draugr, etc.)\par
ZY. 4K Traps (68 M, replaces the textures of the traps with 4K textures)\par
ZZ. Asmosias Trading Card Collection (67 M)\par
AAA. High Hrothgar - Enhanced SSE (67 M, merged mods, tweaks, ehancements)\par
AAB. The Vigilant Monastery (67 M, Q & A)\par
AAC. Gypsy Wagon (67M, small wagon player home, takes you to 16 locations, adds a\par
                 map marker, can unhitch the horse and ride him)\par
AAD. Warriors Rest (67 M, player home, small mine/dungeon, quest)\par
AAE. The Vigilant Monastery (67 M)\par
AAF. Witches Brew Homestead (67 M)\par
AAG. Redguard Traders with Mounts and Followers SE (67 M, adds 2 caravans, 15\par
                     Redguard traders, \highlight1 11 companions and 4 merchants\highlight0 , sell mounts)\par
AAH. Dovahkriid Grenzganger (67 M, quest, \highlight1 seven voice acted companions\highlight0 )\par
AAI. Desdamona Citadel (67 M, player home)\par
AAJ. Frozen Electrocuted Combustion (67 M, applies visual effects to NPCs and the\par
                                    player when killed by fire, frost, poison, etc.)\par
AAK. Weapons of the Third Era SSE (67 M)\par
AAL. Craftable Dragonborn Riverwood Home (67 M)\par
AAM. Enead - Banners (67 M, 4K texture replacers for ever banner in Skyrim)\par
AAN. Tramp's Rest (67 M, dungeon)\par
AAO. Winterview (67 M, player home, \highlight1 hotsprings\highlight0 , cow and chickens, 6 children beds,\par
                \highlight1 shower, lavatory\highlight0 , sit-down meals, smithing furniture in basement)\par
AAP. BigBizkit's G.R.E.E.D (66 M, new dungeon)\par
AAQ. More Horses (66 M, \highlight1 adds more horses, saddles\highlight0 , barding, herds, foals, diversity)\par
AAR. Doltania (66 M, \highlight1 new world\highlight0 )\par
AAS. The Vampire House (66 M, creatures, house)\par
AAT. Witcher 3 Music (66 M)\par
AAU. Mausnthamz (66 M, Q &A, dwemer ruin?, German)\par
AAV. Helsmyrr Village (65 M)\par
AAW. Fanmade and Nordic Exploration and Combat Music (65 M, \highlight1 nearly 2 hours\highlight0 )\par
AAX. Dwarven Black Weapons (65 M, sword, mace, waraxe, dagger, bow, greatsword, etc.)\par
AAY. Winterstone Castle SE (65 M, adoptions, follower, darker themed player home)\par
AAZ. The Northener Diaries (65 M, \highlight1 10 pieces of music by Jeremy Soule\highlight0 )\par
ABA. Animated Clutter SSE (65 M, objects with no animations now have one)\par
ABB. Wildling Fur Armor (65 M, a full set of fur armor, bandits of Cyrodiil styling)\par
ABC. The Card Collector (64 M)\par
ABD. Molten Glass Armor and Weapons (64 M, require rubies to craft)\par
ABE. Shacks in the Forest with Animals SE (64 M, \highlight1 adds many animals\highlight0 )\par
ABF. Azura's Dawn (64 M, mansion)\par
ABG. Merchants of Skyrim (64 M)\par
ABH. Blowing in the Wind (64 M, lanterns and signs now blow in the wind)\par
ABI. Syerscote - A New settlement (64 M, \highlight1 new town\highlight0 , player home)\par
ABJ. Better Cities (63 M)\par
ABK. \highlight1 Czarts\highlight0  (63 M, creature)\par
ABL. Magic of Zodiak (63 M, \highlight1 48 new spells\highlight0 )\par
ABM. The Lost Wonders of Mzark (63 M, adds four quests, \highlight1 one massive dungeon\highlight0 ,\par
                                new weapons and armor)\par
ABN. \highlight1 Ogrim\highlight0  (63 M, creature)\par
ABO. Alternative Warmaidens (62 M)\par
ABP. Gigaduex's Armor Sets SE (62 M, \highlight1 adds several sets of armor\highlight0 )\par
ABQ. Castle Draco Riverwood Edition Player Home (62 M)\par
ABR. The Tempest Isle (62 M, \highlight1 new worldspace\highlight0 , quests, voiced NPCs)\par
ABS. Caves HQ (62 M, HD textures for the caves)\par
ABT. Skyrim Mod Combiner (61 M)\par
ABU. Skyrim Textures Redone - Enhanced Night Sky (61 M, from 4K to 1K, nebula, stars)\par
ABV. Ancient Egyptian Nile (61 M, temple city)\par
ABW. LC_Field Guard Armory (61 M, adds light and heavy armor sets and weapons for\par
                           you to make at the blacksmith forge, four color variants)\par
ABX. \highlight1 Daedroths\highlight0  (61 M, creature)\par
ABY. DRAUGR (61 M, draugr bodies and draugr armors textures overhaul)\par
ABZ. Vanilla NPCs SSE Ruhmastered (61 M, \highlight1 overhauls 3,024 facegens\highlight0 )\par
ACA. Skyrfall Estate - Buildable Edition (61 M, player home with 280+ build options)\par
ACB. \par
ACC. Cycle of the Silencer (60 M, new quest, player home, spells)\par
ACD. New Decoration Clutter (60 M)\par
ACE. Apocalypse - Magic of Skyrim (60 M, \highlight1 adds 155 new spells, scrolls, staves\highlight0 )\par
ACF. Scoped Bows (60 M)\par
ACG. Daedric Castle (59 M, player home)\par
ACH. A Fallen Servant (59 M, quest, companion)\par
ACI. Northern Towns - Weistone and Amon (59 M)\par
ACJ. Quest - The Fifth Gate (59 M)\par
ACK. \highlight1 Dwarven Driller \highlight0 (58 M, creature)\par
ACL. Mhulchazn (58 M, dwemer ruin and player home)\par
ACM. \par
ACN. Miserith Hall (58 M, player home/fort, mannequins, display area, beds for 6 children)\par
ACO. Spectraverse (57 M, \highlight1 questline\highlight0 , voiced NPCs)\par
ACP. Scandinavian Seasons (57 M, a complete weather mod, different sunrises/sunsets)\par
ACQ. Teldryn Serious (57 M, voiced quest)\par
ACR. \highlight1 Vampire Beasts \highlight0 (57 M, creature)\par
ACS. \par
ACT. More to Say (57 M, NPCs have more to say)\par
ACU. Player Homes Re-imagined SE (57 M, \highlight1 adds a large decorated basement to the\highlight0  \par
    \highlight1 player home of your choice\highlight0 , has portraits that teleport you to all new dungeons\par
    and mini-games, \highlight1 50 new enchantments, 32 new alchemy ingredients\highlight0 , anvils)\par
ACV. Elven Retreat (57 M, player home, \highlight1 new potions, plants\highlight0 , weapon, garden, architecture)\par
ACW. Dwemer King Rourken (57 M, find artifacts, quest, dungeon/player home)\par
ACX. Gecko's 4K Mountain Textures (57M, 4096px mountain textures)\par
ACY. The Lost Dwemer Castle (56 M, \highlight1 4 part cave/dwemer dungeon\highlight0 , quests, maid)\par
ACZ. Beyond Furthest Borders (56 MB)\par
ADA. Hunterborn SE (56 M, \highlight1 changes animal looting, dressing, skinning, harvesting,\highlight0\par
                   \highlight1 butchering, adds hunting knives, ingredients, animal meat,\highlight0  \par
                   \highlight1 recipes, and foraging\highlight0 )\par
ADB. Dwemer Colosseum SE (56 M, large quest mod, adds a new arena element)\par
ADC. Azura's Dawn SSE (56 M, a luxurious mansion)\par
ADD. Persona V (55 M)\par
ADE. Death Mountain 2 (55 M, \highlight1 30+ hours of content, five new worlds\highlight0 )\par
ADF. Skyrim Reputation (55 M, introduces a reputation mechanic, hero or villain)\par
ADG. Lord Balmer's Playground (55 M, quest, puzzles)\par
ADH. Home Sweet Hell (55 M, Q & A, player home, quest)\par
ADI. Ranger Weapons (55 M, four new weapons)\par
ADJ. Solitude Expansion (55 M, \highlight1 adds over thirty houses with interiors\highlight0 , NPCs, etc.)\par
ADK. Moon and Star (55 M, Q & A)\par
ADL. Castle Draco Riverwood Edition (55 M, player home)\par
ADM. A Friend of Time (54 M, mansion, Quests and Adventures)\par
ADN. Daggerfall Province (54 M)\par
ADO. A Follower Pack (54 M, 8 Blades Knights, 4 Nightingales, 4 Thieves, 4 Spellswords,\par
                     4 College Wizards, blades camp, guildmaster's manor, garden)\par
ADP. Sky Haven Temple - Interior Overhaul (54 M, expansion, including \highlight1 library\highlight0 , home)\par
ADQ. \highlight1 Coral Atronachs \highlight0 (53 M, creature)\par
ADR. The Broken Blade (53 M, short quest)\par
ADS. Knight's Rest SE (53 M, smaller castle home, follower friendly, displays)\par
ADT. Dungeons And Dragons - Weapon Pack (53 M, adds 6 new weapons)\par
ADU. Heresy Gear (53 M, \highlight1 adds 45 weapons and 3 shields\highlight0 )\par
ADV. Riverwood Keep SE (53 M, modest castle, multiple adoptions and follower friendly)\par
ADW. \highlight1 War Revenants \highlight0 (53 M, creature)\par
ADX. Forsaken Wanderers (53 M, \highlight1 adds 40+ bladed weapons\highlight0 , Q & A)\par
ADY. The Cracking City (53 M, player home, Ayleid style)\par
ADZ. Oblivion Weapons (52 M, \highlight1 adds weapons originally made for Oblivion\highlight0 )\par
AEA. Runio's Ring (52 M, Quests and Adventures, quests)\par
AEB. \highlight1 Wraiths\highlight0  (54 M, creature)\par
AEC. Solitude Metal Exchange and Bank (52 M, buy and sell large amounts of metal\par
                                      and gems, buy safe and vault)\par
AED. \highlight1 Yennefer of Vengerberg \highlight0 (52 M, voiced follower from Witcher 3)\par
AEE. True Wolves of Skyrim (51 M)\par
AEF. \par
AEG. Chrono Skyrim (51 M, \highlight1 world spaces and dungeons\highlight0 )\par
AEH. \highlight1 Clannfears\highlight0  (51 M, creature)\par
AEI. Teldryn Serious (51 M, voice acted quest)\par
AEJ. \highlight1 Leshens and Nekkers \highlight0 (51 M, creatures)\par
AEK. The Abandoned Farm (51 M)\par
AEL. Coins of Tamriel (50 M)\par
AEM. \par
AEN. Prisoner of the Horned Helm (50 M)\par
AEO. Folkvangr (49 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
AEP. \highlight1 The Witcher 3 Weaponry \highlight0 SE (49 M, \highlight1 adds 24 swords\highlight0 )\par
AEQ. Windfall Island (49 M)\par
AER. Insanity Clause - A Christmas Quest (49 M)\par
AES. Hero of Dawnbreaker (49 M)\par
AET. Frostfield - Loreius Farm Settlement (49 M)\par
AEU. \par
AEV. Dawn of Skyrim SE (49 M, a city overhaul for five major holds, new and improved)\par
AEW. Northern Towns - Weistone and Amon SSE (49 M, \highlight1 adds two towns\highlight0 , player home)\par
AEX. \highlight1 Dwarven Threshers \highlight0 (49 M, creature)\par
AEY. Insanity Clause - A Christmas Quest (49 M, Q & A)\par
AEZ. \highlight1 Necrophages\highlight0  (48 M, creature)\par
AFA. Megdra gra-Dushnikh (48 M, adds a female orc follower)\par
AFB. Vulture's Towns and Villages (48 M, rextextures small towns, villages, farms, inns, watermills)\par
AFC. Beggar Prince (48 M, small quest)\par
AFD. Athe Asteria Dwemer Airship (48 M, player home)\par
AFE. Eidalon Sanctuary (48 M, Dwemer themed player home,\highlight1  teleporters\highlight0 , crafting stations)\par
AFF. Pillows (48 M)\par
AFG. Euclidia City (48 M, \highlight1 new city\highlight0 )\par
AFH. Aedric Armor (48 M, new armor and weapons set)\par
AFI. The Abandoned Farm SE (48 M)\par
AFJ. Hrothgar's Way (48 M)\par
AFK. Google's New Fruits and Vegetables (47 M, \highlight1 adds 30+ fruits and veggies\highlight0 )\par
AFL. CHOCOLATE (47 M, \highlight1 adds 30+ types of chocolate\highlight0 , can bite in half)\par
AFM. Cicci's Place (47 M, \highlight1 adds a bakery and toy store\highlight0 )\par
AFN. \highlight1 Griffins\highlight0  (47 M, creature)\par
AFO. \highlight1 Lords of Necromancy \highlight0 (47 M, creature)\par
AFP. Better Redguard Alik'r Hoods (47 M, \highlight1 adds 50 Alik'r hoods to Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
AFQ. \highlight1 Daedrats and Dusk Panthers \highlight0 (47 M, creatures)\par
AFR. Solstice Castle SE (47 M, medium sized castle, loads of storage and greenhouse)\par
AFS. CleverCharff's Soul Cairn 4K 2K (47 M, retexture of all Soul Cairn assets)\par
AFT. Wrath of Nature (47 M, Q & A)\par
AFU. The Lost Dwemer Castle SSE (47 M, NPCs, \highlight1 dungeons, quests\highlight0 , player home)\par
AFV. \par
AFW. Washita_The Series (46 M)\par
AFX. Skyrim SE Music Overhaul (46 M, \highlight1 music replacer\highlight0 )\par
AFY. Improved Market Stall Canvas (46 M, 2K, 4K, and 8K retextures)\par
AFZ. \par
AGA. \par
AGB. CC's HQ Mines (46 M, retextures mines)\par
AGC. Mythic Dawn Expansion (46 M, Q &A, \highlight1 quests\highlight0 , abilities, items, 3 path playthroughs)\par
AGE. Nessie - The Tale of 350 (46 M, short quest)\par
AGF. Blood of the Nord (46 M, fully voiced quest)\par
AGG. Ultimate Whiterun (46 M)\par
AGH. Just another arena (46 M, remote island)\par
AGI. The Dead City (45 M, \highlight1 large underground city\highlight0 )\par
AGJ. Complete Crafting Overhaul Remastered (45 M)\par
AGK. Skyrim Realistic Conquering - All In One (45 M)\par
AGL. Immersive Charlie Deveny (45 M, small voiced NPC quest)\par
AGM. Enemy (R)Evolution of Skyrim (45 M, \highlight1 enemies will use spells, perks, items,\highlight0  \par
                                  \highlight1 shouts which were previously limited to the player \highlight0 only)\par
AGN. Findable Things (45 M, \highlight1 stuff you can find\highlight0 )\par
AGO. Skyrim Monster Mod Additions - New Items (45 M)\par
AGP. Prison of Despair (45 M)\par
AGQ. \highlight1 Naga Bandits- Outlanders \highlight0 (45 M, creature, a breed of Argonian)\par
AGR. Bellyaches HD Dragon Replacer Pack (45 M, retextures for the ten dragon types)\par
AGS. Sky Ball Tournament (45 M)\par
AGT. Lake Ilinalta Retreat (45 M, player home)\par
AGU. CC's Castle Volkihar Reborn (45 M, 4K and 2K texture replacer)\par
AGV. Solitude Reborn (44 M, new buildings, locations, citizens)\par
AGW. \highlight1 Gorons\highlight0  (44 M, creature)\par
AGX. The Index - The Game has Changed (44 M)\par
AGY. Lotr Helms Deep (44 M)\par
AGZ. BKYBLEACH (44 M, Q & A, soul reaper powers)\par
AHA. Meteoric Glass Armor (44 M, adds a new set of weapons and armor)\par
AHB. \par
AHC. Wood Elf Refuge - A Bosmer Camp (44 M)\par
AHD. The Island (44 M, \highlight1 new land, dwemer city\highlight0 , ruins, you must search for a way off the island)\par
AHE. Blackthorn - A Buildable Town (44 M, over 400 build options, \highlight1 gardens, \highlight0 displays)\par
AHF. Dwemertech - Magic of the Dwarves (44M, \highlight1 questline\highlight0 , voiced NPCs)\par
AHG. The Southerner Diaries (44 M, \highlight1 adds 44 songs, over 2 hours of custom music\highlight0 )\par
AHH. HighRes Mage clothes (44 M, magerobes and hoods in 7 different colors)\par
AHI. Lurking in the Shadows (44 M, huge castle, quest, \highlight1 over 2 hours gameplay\highlight0 )\par
AHJ. \par
AHK. \highlight1 Archdragons\highlight0  (44 M, creature, have 6 limbs, more robust, longer tail)\par
AHL. Rudy HQ - Miscellaneous SE (44 M, 4K/2K retextures, silverware, candles, apples,\par
                                tomatoes, potatoes, bed pillows, common plates)\par
AHM. Bridge Farm SE (44 M, player home, \highlight1 milkable cows\highlight0 , harvestable beehives, \highlight1 new\highlight0\par
                    \highlight1 recipes, greenhouse with tomatoes, other harvestables\highlight0 )\par
AHN. The Oblivion Realms Series - Morthal Pain (43 M, quest)\par
AHO. A Festive Christmas SE (43 M, \highlight1 adds festive decorations across Skyrim\highlight0 , almost\par
                            every cell, \highlight1 hundreds of presents can be found\highlight0 , candy cane staff)\par
AHP. Chapels of Skyrim (43 M, quest, chapels, \highlight1 new music\highlight0 )\par
AHQ. KS Jewelry SSE (43 M, \highlight1 adds 22 pieces of jewelry \highlight0 such as earrings, necklaces, chokers)\par
AHR. Swift Steeds Stables (43 M, \highlight1 adds 7 stables to Skyrim and over 60 horses\highlight0 )\par
AHS. Reforesting Skyrim (43 M, more colorful trees plantable anywhere with spells)\par
AHT. Blood of the Nord (43 M, Q & A)\par
AHU. Frostspider 4k retexture (43 M, 1k, 2k, and 4k textures for the frostbitespider)\par
AHV. The DoubtSuspended Quest Pack (43 M, \highlight1 3 voiced quests\highlight0 )\par
AHW. Mythos of Bledaen (42 M, \highlight1 new quests\highlight0 , spells, voice acted NPCs)\par
AHX. The Wandering Librarians (42 M, adds two travelling book vendors who sell books)\par
AHY. Hades Beta (42 M)\par
AHZ. Plasma Sabers SSE (42 M, weapons, magicka crystal, aetherial, and plasma craftable)\par
AIA. RUSTIC DEATH HOUND and GARGOYLE (42 M, 4K and 2K retextures)\par
AIB. \highlight1 Giant Cephalopods \highlight0 (42 M, creatures, giant squids and octopuses, spit black ink)\par
AIC. Detailed Rugs (42 M, textures were all overhauled, high resolution)\par
AID. Cooking in Skyrim (42 M, using a recipe book system, \highlight1 adds new recipes\highlight0 , food effects)\par
AIE. Necromancer Skills (42 M, create impenetrable barriers, wield giant bone swords, etc.)\par
AIF. \highlight1 Beholders\highlight0  (42 M, creature, floating head with one cyclops like eye and 8 smaller eye stalks)\par
AIG. Solitude Outskirts (41 M, \highlight1 village\highlight0 )\par
AIH. Bellyaches New Dragon Species SSE (41 M, adds 13 species, around 50 new dragons total)\par
AII. WARP - World Assets Recycle Project (41 M)\par
AIJ. Prehistoric Wildlife Mounts and Followers (41 M)\par
AIK. \highlight1 Ogres\highlight0  (41 M, creature)\par
AIL. House of Corpses (41 M, crypt/halloween dungeon)\par
AIM. Dread Prison (41 M)\par
AIN. Thunderchild - Epic Shouts and Immersion (41 M, \highlight1 adds 29 shouts, library\highlight0 , buffs)\par
AIO. PsiKotics SkyMo Necromancy Mod (41 M)\par
AIP. Moonstone Castle SE (41 M, Elven themed player home)\par
AIQ. SABRECAT (41 M, texture overhaul for three types of big cat)\par
AIR. CleverCharff's Apocrypha 4K 2K (41 M, retexture)\par
AIS. Elder Scrolls Online Spells (41 M)\par
AIT. SIC - Clannfear and Guar add-on (40 M)\par
AIU. The Abandoned Temple Special Edition (40 M, \highlight1 a quite large adventure\highlight0 , puzzles, Q & A)\par
AIV. Dragon Fodder - Mortal Followers (40 M, \highlight1 adds 32 followers\highlight0 )\par
AIW. Dalls_Pine_Wood_Lodge (40 M)\par
AIX. \highlight1 Bone Colossus \highlight0 (40 M, creature)\par
AIY. Kel-Rii Temple SSE (40 M, player home/dungeon)\par
AIZ. Jah'Do Rikaar Khajiit Follower (40 M)\par
AJA. Chanterelle (40 M, \highlight1 new land, huge\highlight0 , no civilization)\par
AJB. Konahrik the Priest (40 M, quest)\par
AJC. \highlight1 Goblins\highlight0  (40 M, creature)\par
AJD. \par
AJE. Anna Soups and Stews (40 M, \highlight1 random soups and stews added\highlight0 )\par
AJF. Deer Expansion - Elements of Skyrim (39.9 M, \highlight1 adds 6 species, and 12 varieties\highlight0 )\par
AJG. OMEGA - Heavy Armory - The Weapon AIO (39.7 M, \highlight1 adds over 100 new weapons\highlight0 )\par
AJH. Battlemage Keep (39.6 M, 2 quests, \highlight1 4 dungeons\highlight0 , new world splace, 3 spells)\par
AJI. Orange Moon (39.4 M, \highlight1 dwemer dungeon\highlight0 , ingredient, nine animated weapons)\par
AJJ. Skyrim Soundtrack Expansion (39.2 M, adds nearly 30 minutes of music)\par
AJK. Paper World Map for SSE (39.1 M, \highlight1 replacement for the World Map\highlight0 )\par
AJL. Dunmer Ranger Armor SE (39.1 M, \highlight1 adds 5 armor sets\highlight0 , each representing a Morrowind great house)\par
AJM. Ashlander Camp New Zainab (39.0 M)\par
AJN. High Quality Food and Ingredients (38.9 M)\par
AJO. Warglaives of Azzinoth Dungeon (38.8 M)\par
AJP. Frostmaarch (38.7 M, \highlight1 new land mass, new dungeons, caves, cities\highlight0 , places)\par
AJQ. \par
AJR. Luma - From Beyond (38.4 M, quest, follower)\par
AJS. The Lost Words of Skyrim (38.3 M)\par
AJT. The Veil (38.3 M, location)\par
AJU. Repopulate Skyrim with Farm Animals and Birds (37.8 M)\par
AJV. \highlight1 Dwemer Bombs \highlight0 (37.8 M, fire, ice, electric, poison, paralysis, force, holy)\par
AJW. Dalls_Temple (37.8 M)\par
AJX. \highlight1 Batwing Demons \highlight0 (37.8 M, creature)\par
AJY. Warbird's Dwemer Train Stations (37.8 M, \highlight1 a vast network\highlight0 , inns, merchants, guards)\par
AJZ. Dread Prison (37.7 M, location)\par
AKA. Castle Gonduin (37.6 M, player home, quest)\par
AKB. \highlight1 Dwarven Motorcycle and other Vehicles \highlight0 (37.4 M, \highlight1 7 dwarven vehicles total\highlight0 )\par
AKC. \highlight1 Bison of Skyrim \highlight0 (37.4 M)\par
AKD. The Oblivion Falcon (37.4 M, quests, followers, player home)\par
AKE. Bellyaches New Dragon Species (37.4 M, adds 13 new species, adds 50 dragons)\par
AKF. The Haunting of Breezehome (37.3 M, new dungeon area, spells, quest)\par
AKG. The Forgotten Prince (37.3 M, \highlight1 7 quests, 5 hours gameplay\highlight0 , 5 locations, worldspace,\par
                           \highlight1 4 dungeons\highlight0 , 10 voiced NPCs, spell, story book, puzzles)\par
AKG. Monsters of the Windhelm Pit Arena SE (37.1 M, Combat)\par
AKH. Idemdall's Folly (36.9 M, \highlight1 several new locations\highlight0 , puzzles, merchant)\par
AKI. \highlight1 Imps\highlight0  (36.9 M, creature)\par
AKJ. M.A.R.I. (36.8 M, quest to unlock the Dwemer automaton follower)\par
AKK. Real Wildlife - Skyrim SE (36.7 M, \highlight1 adds over 490 new variants of wildlife\highlight0 )\par
AKL. Moonstone Castle (36.4 M, player home, elven themed, lots of displays)\par
AKM. Teleport Arrows (36.2 M)\par
AKN. Griffins Land Episode II (36.2 M, \highlight1 large new island, several dungeons\highlight0 )\par
AKO. The Cheese of Ages (36.1 M, \highlight1 new dungeons\highlight0 , 9 voice actors)\par
AKP. Silvan Manor (36.1 M, player home in a tree, staff, robes, boots)\par
AKQ. Pocket Empire Builder SSE (36.1 M, construction kit for camps, cities, or empires)\par
AKR. Comfy Breezehome Remodeled (35.8 M, \highlight1 pool\highlight0 , displays, throne room, \highlight1 library\highlight0 , smithy,\par
                                master suite, \highlight1 chapel, dungeon\highlight0 , 6 children beds, 8 follower beds)\par
AKS. High Level Enemies (35.7 M, \highlight1 adds 874 new enemies\highlight0 )\par
AKT. 80 more minutes of Music for Skyrim (35.6 M)\par
AKU. \highlight1 Solstheim Dungeon Pack \highlight0 (35.5 M)\par
AKV. Inferno - Envoys of End (35.4 M, Quests and Adventures)\par
AKW. Pinewood Village (35.3 M)\par
AKX. Dance Rave (34.9 M, a collection of dances)\par
AKY. Sea Elves Subraces (34.9 M, playable subraces)\par
AKZ. Frostvale Estate (34.7 M, player home)\par
ALA. Improved Combat Music (34.5 M)\par
ALB. The Solitude Arena SSE (34.4 M, like that from Oblivion)\par
ALC. Solace (34.0 M, large dwemer home)\par
ALD. Arthmoor's Skyrim Villages - All in One (34.0 M)\par
ALE. Insanitys City Banner Replacer (33.9 M)\par
ALF. \par
ALG. The Cenobites (33.7 M, Quests and Adventures)\par
ALH. Myrheim - Tiny Swamp House (33.6 M)\par
ALI. \highlight1 Black Marsh \highlight0 (33.6 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
ALJ. Palechevo (33.5 M, Quests and Adventures)\par
ALK. Succubus (33.5 M, creature)\par
ALL. \highlight1 Thri-Kreen Warriors \highlight0 (33.3 M, creature)\par
ALM. A Cure for the Nightmare (33.2 M, Quests and Adventures)\par
ALN. \highlight1 Bogmort\highlight0  (33.2 M, creature)\par
ALO. \highlight1 Dwarven Spinners \highlight0 (33.2 M, creature)\par
ALP. Maerlyn's Shields Vol. 1 (33.2 M, \highlight1 20 new steel craftable shields\highlight0 , most factions and all holds)\par
ALQ. Faction Vigilant of Stendarr (33.0 M, \highlight1 joinable faction\highlight0 )\par
ALR. Legendary Cities (33.0 M, new buildings, walls)\par
ALS. Strange Friendship II - Falmers (33.0 M, quest)\par
ALT. GKB Waves (33.0 M, better waves)\par
ALU. CleverCharff's Caves 4K 2K (33.0 M, retextures of caves and ice caves)\par
ALV. Storm Lightning (32.8 M, up to 50 per second, up to 31 cells distant)\par
ALW. Toymania (32.7 M, \highlight1 toys, lutes, and books for children\highlight0 )\par
ALX. Quackos Exotic weaponry (32.7 M)\par
ALY. \highlight1 Frost Coursers \highlight0 (32.7 M, creature)\par
ALZ. Tamriel Adventures (32.7 M, Quests and Adventures)\par
AMA. Staves of Skyrim (32.6 M, \highlight1 adds 30 new staves\highlight0 , 15 new models, textures)\par
AMB. HD Road Signs - 2K and 4K (32.6 M, texture replacer)\par
AMC. \highlight1 Compound Bow Collection \highlight0 (32.6 M, \highlight1 seven new models \highlight0 and improvements)\par
AMD. \par
AME. Real Wildlife - Skyrim (32.3 M, \highlight1 adds over 490 new variants\highlight0 )\par
AMF. Rayek's End Revisited (32.3 M, player home)\par
AMG. Smiley's Combat Realism Overhaul (32.3 M, \highlight1 changes 5,099 NPC templates\highlight0 )\par
AMH. CC's HD Dwemer Automatons - Remastered (32.3 M)\par
AMI. 4K SIMM Large Ruins Chest (32.3 M, 4K or 2K retexture of the large chest)\par
AMJ. True Bark Textures (32.2 M)\par
AMK. \highlight1 Dwarven Defenders \highlight0 (32.2 M, creature)\par
AML. \par
AMM. \highlight1 Falmer Abyssraiders \highlight0 (32.0 M, creature)\par
AMN. \highlight1 Zombies\highlight0  (32.0 M, creature)\par
AMO. Arkanys (31.9 M, \highlight1 city\highlight0 , new areas, quests)\par
AMP. \highlight1 Yetis and Sasquatchs \highlight0 (31.8 M, creatures)\par
AMQ. \highlight1 Moose\highlight0  (31.7 M, animal)\par
AMR. Playable Monster Mod (31.7 M)\par
AMS. The Orcish Hut (31.7 M, player home)\par
AMT. Immersive Sounds - Aural Assortment (31.6 M)\par
AMU. \highlight1 Liches\highlight0  (31.6 M, creature)\par
AMV. Tasheni Saddles (31.6 M, \highlight1 17 unique saddles in three sizes\highlight0 )\par
AMW. Technicolor Alchemy Overhaul (31.5 M, \highlight1 adds over 3,500 alchemy plants\highlight0\par
                                  in over 80 unique varieties)\par
AMX. Alchemical Cooking Recipes (31.5 M, \highlight1 adds over 100 new items to cooking\highlight0 )\par
AMY. Skald's Mail - A Courier Alternative (31.5 M, \highlight1 adds mailboxes\highlight0 , mail-order\par
                                          deliveries from shops)\par
AMZ. \par
ANA. \highlight1 Insanitys Dwemer Weapons \highlight0 (31.3 M, recreated from Morrowind)\par
ANB. Shadows of Azazel (31 M, small quest)\par
ANC. \highlight1 Basilisks\highlight0  (31 M, creature)\par
AND. Portable Crafting Snowglobes LE (31 M, can craft and carry with you)\par
ANE. Lost LongSwords (30.9 M)\par
ANF. Lonely captain_the players ship home (30.8 M, player home, mission)\par
ANG. Vault 101 (30.8 M, dwemer architecture)\par
ANH. Idemdall's Folly (30.7 M, \highlight1 several new locations\highlight0 , puzzles, merchant)\par
ANI. Waterview (30.5 M, player home, cutting table, \highlight1 spinning wheel\highlight0 , soap pot,\par
               \highlight1 butterchurn\highlight0 , coffee/tea pot, \highlight1 tons of recipes\highlight0 , sit at the table)\par
ANJ. Cursed Camelot and Excalibur (30.4 M, Quests and Adventures)\par
ANK. Monster Contracts (30.3 M, Quests and Adventures)\par
ANL. RiverwoodCastle (30.1 M, main quest and side quests)\par
ANM. Skyrim Sewers 4 (30.0 M, \highlight1 adds sewers systems to five places\highlight0 )\par
ANN. \highlight1 Compound Bow Collection \highlight0 (29.6 M, adds a small collection of compound bows)\par
ANO. Radiant and Unique Potions and Poisons HD SE (29.3 M, over 100 retextures)\par
ANP. Organic Factions Extension (29.0 M)\par
ANQ. Akavir The Land of Dragons (29.0 M)\par
ANR. \highlight1 Bolgans\highlight0  (28.9 M, creature)\par
ANS. A Loojires Tale (28.8 M, Quests and Adventures)\par
ANT. The Huntsman House (28.6 M, player home)\par
ANU. The Candle Makers Part One (28.5 M, Quests and Adventures)\par
ANV. Hidden Village (28.4 M)\par
ANW. \highlight1 Cave Bears \highlight0 (28.4 M, creature)\par
ANX. GOS - Gangs of Skyrim (28.4 M, adds six gangs, gang wars, drug wars)\par
ANY. The Warpers (28.3 M, \highlight1 4 hour long quest with dungeons\highlight0 )\par
ANZ. True Storms Special Edition (28.3 M, complete overhaul of the storm systems)\par
AOA. MorrowindVampireClansReturned (28.1 M)\par
AOB. Red Flame (28.1 M, dungeon, \highlight1 original music\highlight0 , two new foods)\par
AOC. \highlight1 Hammet's Dungeon Packs \highlight0 for LE (27.9 M, \highlight1 32 dungeons and caves added\highlight0 ) *****\par
AOD. Summonable Followers (27.7 M, \highlight1 adds 55 followers that can be summoned\highlight0 )\par
AOE. Toads and Frogs of Skyrim (27.6 M)\par
AOF. The Forsworn Legacy (27.4 M, \highlight1 playable faction with questline\highlight0 )\par
AOG. Shadows of the past SSE (27.4 M, Q & A from Oblivion)\par
AOH. EEKs Mountain Flowers SSE (27.4 M, retextures in 4K/2K/1K/512 sizes)\par
AOI. Destroy Dark Brotherhood Adventure (27.3 M)\par
AOJ. RipX's The Lost Cavern of Prophecy (27.3 M, quest, dungeon, follower)\par
AOK. Realistic Boat Bobbing (27.3 M)\par
AOL. Drachenzahn (27.3 M, Q & A)\par
AOM. \highlight1 Dwemer Spectres \highlight0 Special Edition (27.2 M, creature)\par
AON. Old Annon (27.1 M, new location, quest, armor, weapons)\par
AOO. \par
AOP. Rescue Bronwen (27.0 M, voiced quest)\par
AOQ. Haze (26.7 M, 278 seasonal weathers, 31 particle shaders, 28 sounds, etc.)\par
AOR. The Menagerie and the Madman (26.6 M, quest, dungeon)\par
AOS. RipX's The Lost Cavern of Prophecy (26.6 M, quest, follower, dungeon, armor)\par
AOT. Pirates of the Pacific (26.5 M, Quests and Adventures)\par
AOU. Symphonies of Skyrim (26.4 M, adds original music)\par
AOV. Dragonborn Kingdom (26.2 M, adds towns, villages, 4 mines, palace, farms)\par
AOW. HAGRAVEN (26.2 M, retexture)\par
AOX. Konahrik The Priest (26.1 M, quest)\par
AOY. Witcher meets Skyrim (26.0 M)\par
AOZ. Relic Hunter (26.0 M, Q & A)\par
APA. \highlight1 Werebats\highlight0  (25.9 M, creature)\par
APB. \highlight1 Draugr Cavalry \highlight0 (25.8 M, creature)\par
APC. In the house of Tom Bombadil (25.8 M)\par
APD. MidD and Beyond (25.6 M, \highlight1 new lands\highlight0 )\par
APE. Kaisi Island (25.5 M, \highlight1 city, zoo\highlight0 , player home, 2 horses, forest)\par
APF. Amulets of Skyrim SSE (25.5 M, \highlight1 adds a lot of amulets \highlight0 and a few rings)\par
APG. \highlight1 Andrewsarchus \highlight0 (25.4 M, creature)\par
APH. Extra Music Pack for Skyrim (25.4 M, \highlight1 28 new tunes\highlight0 )\par
API. \highlight1 Arachnomorphs\highlight0  (25.3 M, creature)\par
APJ. \par
APK. Rustic Animated Potions and Poisons (25.2 M)\par
APL. \highlight1 Lynxes Cheetahs and Smilodon \highlight0 (25.1 M, creatures)\par
APM. Retirement (25.1 M, fully voiced quest)\par
APN. Build Your Own City (25.1 M)\par
APO. \highlight1 Cockatrices\highlight0  (25.1 M, creature)\par
APP. Silverstead - A Buildable Dwemer Estate (25.1 M, over 280 build options)\par
APQ. World map of Nirn (25.1 M)\par
APR. christmas house (25.0 M)\par
APS. Castle World - 3 Castles (25.0 M, food items, safe storage)\par
APT. Heljarchen Farm (24.8 M, \highlight1 rebuild a farm, grow crops, hire workers\highlight0 )\par
APU. Actualize Apparel - \highlight1 Crafting Clothing \highlight0 (24.8 M)\par
APV. Princess (24.8 M, new location)\par
APW. Lost Grimoire of Skyrim (24.7 M, \highlight1 adds 120+ spells\highlight0 )\par
APX. The Dark and The Light (24.7 M, quest, dungeon, puzzles, traps, \highlight1 8 hours content\highlight0 )\par
APY. Better Raven Rock (24.6 M, improves and expands)\par
APZ. The Tower of Nchunak (24.6 M, short questline)\par
AQA. Nessie - The Tale of 350 (24.6 M, quest, Q & A)\par
AQB. Holidays (24.5 M, cities will have visual changes, NPCs will react)\par
AQC. Campfire - \highlight1 Complete Camping System \highlight0 (24.5 M)\par
AQD. Everlight - Torches of Skyrim (24.5 M, \highlight1 10 craftable magic torches, 6 maces\highlight0 )\par
AQE. CC's HQ Guard Shields (24.4 M, retexture)\par
AQF. Skyrim Unleveled (24.4 M, stronger equipment, but more dangerous foes)\par
AQG. Moonshimmer Mine (24.1 M, mine and tomb, \highlight1 30 minutes gameplay\highlight0 )\par
AQH. Children Toys - Elements of Skyrim (24.0 M, \highlight1 adds 37 children animal toys\highlight0 )\par
AQI. \highlight1 Daedric Beasts - Wendigos and Howlers \highlight0 SE (24.0 M, 24 Wendigo variants, 12 Howler variants)\par
AQJ. The Walking Dead (23.9 M, new location)\par
AQK. The House of Troubles Wilderness Hostel (23.7 M)\par
AQL. Shadows of the Past (23.7 M, voiced quest mod, \highlight1 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
AQM. The Dark Brotherhood Resurrection Part 1 (23.6 M, \highlight1 4+ hours gameplay\highlight0 )\par
AQN. Skyrims Scholarly Adventures (23.6 M, Quests and Adventures)\par
AQO. FALMER (23.6 M, retexture)\par
AQP. ShineRock - The City Within Blackreach (23.5 M)\par
AQQ. The Slayers of Locheran (23.1 M, Q & A)\par
AQR. An Old Rangers Story (23.1 M, Q & A)\par
AQS. ELECTRIFY S.E. (23.0 M, replaces the electric effects which are mostly spells)\par
AQT. \highlight1 Witcher 3 Griffin School Gear Set \highlight0 (22.9 M)\par
AQU. New Fruit for Realistic Needs and Diseases (22.9 M)\par
AQV. Igloo (22.8 M, small house)\par
AQW. The Abandoned Temple (22.8 M, \highlight1 quite large, many puzzles\highlight0 )\par
AQX. Skyrim Unlimited (22.8 M, comprehensive overhaul, \highlight1 thousands of enchantments,\par
\highlight0                       \highlight1 perks, spells, updated NPCs\highlight0 , challenges, classic attributes)\par
AQY. The Scarlett - A Buildable Ship (22.8 M, over 200 build options, 2 quests, location)\par
AQZ. Collector of Toys (22.7 M, quest, solve riddles)\par
ARA. The McMiller Chronicles (22.7 M, voiced NPCs, quest)\par
ARB. NAT - Natural and Atmospheric Tamriel (22.7 M, weather, lighting, visual overhaul)\par
ARC. \highlight1 Geese and Hammerfell Fowls \highlight0 (22.6 M, adds 9 geese variants, roadrunner)\par
ARD. Keld-Nar (22.5 M, \highlight1 new village\highlight0 )\par
ARE. Spectraverse (22.5 M, \highlight1 questline\highlight0 , voiced NPCs, choice of 42 Destruction spells)\par
ARF. 4K Horker (22.5 M, retexture)\par
ARG. SOUTH DRAGON BRIDGE (22.4 M, \highlight1 3 new dungeons, 200+ enemies, district\highlight0 )\par
ARH. DaggerCraftPackage (22.4 M, adds 6 unique daggers)\par
ARI. Enhanced Beast FX (22.4 M, sabre cat, horker, bear, troll)\par
ARJ. The Sidrat (22.3 M, player home, additional floors, \highlight1 48 destinations to unlock\highlight0 )\par
ARK. \par
ARL. Build a City 4.0 (22.1 M)\par
ARM. Social Conscience Series - P1 (22.0 M, Q & A)\par
ARN. Wreck of the Crown Petone (22.0 M, small settlement)\par
ARO. Gypsy Eyes Caravan (22.0 M, player home you can take with you)\par
ARP. CWRS - Civil War Recurring Sieges (21.9 M)\par
ARQ. Lovers in a Dangerous Cavetime (21.8 M, quest, \highlight1 90 minutes gameplay\highlight0 ,\par
                                    7 voiced NPCs, 7 new interiors)\par
ARR. Bau Pet Supplies for Skyrim (21.8 M, adds a tiny pet shop in Solitude)\par
ARS. Relic Hunter (21.6 M, Q & A)\par
ART. \highlight1 Easter Egg Hunt \highlight0 - 2013 Edition (21.6 M, \highlight1 adds 250 eggs\highlight0 )\par
ARU. \highlight1 Malkavs Collection _70 boxes to find \highlight0 (21.6 M, adds 70 bright green boxes)\par
ARV. Social Conscience Series - P1 (21.6 M, Q & A)\par
ARW. Western Watchtower Hamlet (21.5 M, \highlight1 new village\highlight0 , NPCs, merchants, inn)\par
ARX. \highlight1 Buyable Paintings and Pictures \highlight0 - Place Anywhere (21.4 M, over 100)\par
ARY. DK's Realistic and Lore-Friendly Nord Ships (21.3 M)\par
ARZ. The Task of Re-Enchantment (21.3 M, find 5 in game books)\par
ASA. Injury and Recovery System (21.0 M)\par
ASB. Night hawks dream world (20.8 M, new dungeon and race)\par
ASC. The Unfinished Business (20,8 M, adds several short dungeons, story)\par
ASD. God of War Relics (20.2 M, \highlight1 questline\highlight0 , book)\par
ASE. The Undercity SSE (20.2 M, \highlight1 new city\highlight0 )\par
ASF. TES - \highlight1 HighRock\highlight0  (20.1 M, new land)\par
ASG. \highlight1 Grahl\highlight0  (20.0 M, creature)\par
ASH. Dragons Peak (20.0 M, large fort player home)\par
ASI. Superior Silverware - HD Textures (19.9 M, retextures all silverware)\par
ASJ. Bound Atronach and Bound in Blood (19.7 M, \highlight1 adds 32 bound weapons, shields\highlight0 )\par
ASK. \highlight1 Water Hags \highlight0 (19.7 M, creature)\par
ASL. In Memory of Hugh (19.6 M, location)\par
ASM. Roleplay Quests (19.5 M, Q & A)\par
ASN. Kagrenac's Wisps (19.4 M, adds craftable dwemer light sources)\par
ASO. Fargoth's Ring (19 M, Q & A)\par
ASP. The Egg of Time (19.3 M, \highlight1 find 10 dwemer artifacts from Morrowind\highlight0 )\par
ASQ. Vampire Castle (19.3 M)\par
ASR. Controllable Lights Everywhere (19.3 M, \highlight1 adds thousands of light fixtures to\par
\highlight0                  \highlight1 walled cities, forts, roads, paths, etc. adjust the lighting\highlight0 )\par
ASS. Realistic HD Baskets (19.2 M, 4 styles)\par
AST. Morthal Treehouse (19.2 M, player home)\par
ASU. Birds of Skyrim SSE Edition (19.2 M, \highlight1 adds flying seagulls, crows, vultures,\par
\highlight0              \highlight1 bonehawks, pheasants, grouse, pigeons, and roosters\highlight0 )\par
ASV. Death Knights of Skyrim (19.2 M, questline, \highlight1 52 new spells\highlight0 , 9 new races)\par
ASW. Aetherius Magic (19.1 M, quest, \highlight1 69 spells\highlight0 , voiced NPC)\par
ASW. Secrets of Valuungrann (19.2 M, Q & A, crypt)\par
ASX. Forsaken Island (19.0 M, Q & A)\par
ASY. 4K Hagraven House (19.0 M, retexture)\par
ASZ. Skyrim Relicment (19.0 M, \highlight1 new guild \highlight0 in Windhelm, guild adds \highlight1 15 new quests\highlight0 )\par
ATA. Anfangrum's Cleft (18.9 M, crypt, dragon)\par
ATB. The Library of Windhelm (18.9 M, quest)\par
ATC. SKELETON (18.9 M, retexture, edited sounds)\par
ATD. \highlight1 Cyrodiilic Minotaurs \highlight0 (18.8 M, creature)\par
ATE. Bloodmon - Call of Solstheim Werebeasts (18.7 M, Q & A)\par
ATF. The Cenobites Hellraiser SSE (18.6 M, Q & A, quest, NPCs, audio, dungeon)\par
ATG. DM Male Follower Collection (18.6 M, \highlight1 10 standalone male followers\highlight0 )\par
ATH. Jurgholm (18.6 M, dungeon, \highlight1 questline\highlight0 )\par
ATI. Imperial Mail - Post and Banking Service (18.5 M, savings account, send treasure)\par
ATJ. \highlight1 Giant Snakes \highlight0 (18.4 M, creature)\par
ATK. The Northern Retreat (18.4 M, \highlight1 adds 3 player homes\highlight0 , 2 followers, 5 swords, quest)\par
ATL. \highlight1 Aurochs and Wild Horses \highlight0 (18.0 M, creatures)\par
ATM. Rabbits Kingdom (18.0 M, \highlight1 adds rabbits\highlight0 )\par
ATN. Dwarvenhaven (17.9 M, \highlight1 quests, player town\highlight0 )\par
ATO. \highlight1 Giant Sloths and Glyptodonts \highlight0 (17.9 M, creatures)\par
ATP. Birds of Skyrim (17.9 M)\par
ATQ. KInd of Blue (17.9 M, Q & A)\par
ATR. Inns and Taverns (17.7 M, add various to Skyrim)\par
ATS. NIflheim - House of Dark Mists (17.7 M, dungeon)\par
ATT. God of War Relics (17.7 M, Q & A)\par
ATU. Seashells (17.6 M, \highlight1 adds all sorts of little seaside treasures to collect\highlight0 )\par
ATV. Unremarkable Cave (17.6 M, dungeon)\par
ATW. Simple Scoped Crossbows (17.5 M)\par
ATX. Annexed (17.5 M, \highlight1 ancient laboratory\highlight0 , create mutations)\par
ATY. Immersive Horses (17.5 M, complete overhaul for horses)\par
ATZ. Aurora Village (17.5 M, \highlight1 adds village\highlight0 )\par
AUA. \highlight1 Gravelords\highlight0  (17.5 M, creature)\par
AUB. \highlight1 Golden Egg Treasure Hunt \highlight0 SSE (17.4 M)\par
AUC. Northern Encounters (17.4 M, \highlight1 adds 150 new encounters to Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
AUD. Immersive Laundry (17.4 M, adds clotheslines and other items)\par
AUE. The Ancient Ruins of Staadnau (17.4 M, dungeon/player home)\par
AUF. Winterhold College Improved (17.3 M, adds an entire new floor to main tower)\par
AUG. Ultima Dungeons Despise (17.3 M, \highlight1 dungeon from Ultima 9\highlight0 )\par
AUH. Dragonborn Castle (17.3 M, quest, castle, shops, inn)\par
AUI. Alchemical Cooking Recipes (17.3 M, \highlight1 adds over 100 new items to cooking \highlight0 using alchemy ingredients)\par
AUJ. Music for Emily (17.2 M, cute music)\par
AUK. Vunderlynder (17.2 M, dungeon, quest, \highlight1 three hours of gameplay\highlight0 )\par
AUL. Gemstone Rings (17.1 M, \highlight1 adds 45 custom rings with larger gemstones\highlight0 )\par
AUM. White Lighthouse (17.1 M)\par
AUN. Unique Flowers and Plants SSE (17.1 M, adds hand-placed new flower and plants across Skyrim)\par
AUO. ClothingCraft Redux (17.1 M, \highlight1 adds a tailoring skill and perks\highlight0 )\par
AUP. Better Cows (17.0 M)\par
AUQ. \highlight1 Rock Atronachs\highlight0  (17.0 M, creature)\par
AUR. Old Solitude (16.9 M, adds street vendor, \highlight1 bakery, scroll shop\highlight0 , many NPCs)\par
AUS. Imperial Dragonknight Armory (16.9 M, explore a tomb and acquire gear)\par
AUT. The House of Troubles Wilderness Hostel (16.9 M, at the crossing to Hammerfell)\par
AUU. \highlight1 Foglings\highlight0  (16.9 M, creature)\par
AUV. Temples of the Akaviri (16.9 M, \highlight1 new Akaviri ruins\highlight0 )\par
AUW. \highlight1 Cassowaries of Skyrim \highlight0 (16.8 M, animal)\par
AUX. Insanitys Shields (16.8 M, \highlight1 adds 57 new Nordic themed round shields\highlight0 )\par
AUY. Fortune's Tradehouse (16.6 M, new location, \highlight1 five voiced quests\highlight0 )\par
AUZ. Skyrim HD SE (16.6 M, \highlight1 replaces thousands of textures with 4K to 1K all over Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
AVA. \highlight1 Spelunkin' Skyrim \highlight0 (16.6 M, \highlight1 20+ new dungeons, connects some vanilla dungeons\highlight0 )\par
AVB. Ordinary Characters (16.6 M, adds over 70 NPCs, lore friendly)\par
AVC. Fredas Night Fashion (16.5 M, Q & A)\par
AVD. \par
AVE. \par
AVF. Grylums Tomb (16.5 M, dungeon)\par
AVG. Sea of Spirits (16.5 M, \highlight1 adds many new sea creatures, whales, narwhals, sharks\highlight0 )\par
AVH. \highlight1 Moas and Emus \highlight0 (16.4 M, creatures)\par
AVI. Dark Brotherhood Continued (16.4 M, new NPCs, items, \highlight1 new quests\highlight0 )\par
AVJ. The Halls of Glory - Rissgard (16.4 M, \highlight1 adds a huge "dungeon"\highlight0 )\par
AVK. The Great Forest of Whiterun Hold (16.4 M, replaces the desolated tundra of Whiterun Hold)\par
AVL. Da Boys - SSE (16.4 M, adds 5 male followers)\par
AVM. Small Retexture Project (16.4 M, \highlight1 retextures many small things\highlight0 )\par
AVN. Improved Fish (16.4 M, \highlight1 adds many new fish, both smaller and larger to waters\highlight0 )\par
AVO. The Crystaline Void (16.3 M, dungeon)\par
AVP. Much Ado About Snow Elves (16.3 Q & A)\par
AVQ. Morhtal's Ghastly Mine (16.3 M, quest, voice acting)\par
AVR. \highlight1 Storm Golem \highlight0 (16.3 M, creature, based on ESO and Oblivion)\par
AVS. Ebonvale Settlement (16.3 M)\par
AVT. RavenBeak Barrow (16.3 M, new Nordic dungeon, bandits)\par
AVU. Quest Grave Danger Wave (16.3 M, Q & A, wave style fights)\par
AVV. \highlight1 Giant Mantis \highlight0 (16.2 M, creature)\par
AVW. Bards Questing in Tombs (16.2 M, \highlight1 more Bards College quests\highlight0 )\par
AVX. Castle Riverwood (16.2 M, player home)\par
AVY. Dragonborn Call of the Bloodmoon (16.2 M, Q & A)\par
AVZ. \par
AWA. Midas Magic Evolved (16.2 M, \highlight1 adds 250+ spells\highlight0 )\par
AWB. Around the Fire (16.2 M, doubles amount of tavern tracks)\par
AWC. Small Mammals - Hedgehogs - Raccoons - Skunks - Peccaries (16.1 M)\par
AWD. Nordic Beauties of Skyrim (16.1 M, adds seven Nord followers)\par
AWE. Revamped Alchemy Lab HD (16.0 M, animated burner flames, better mesh)\par
AWF. Cut Content - Windhelm Arena (16.0 M)\par
AWG. CleverCharff's Mines (16.0 M, retexture)\par
AWH. Blowgun (15.9 M, \highlight1 adds a low damage blowgun + blowdarts\highlight0 , tip darts in poisons)\par
AWI. Disband the Thieves Guild (15.7 M, arrest them and put them in jail)\par
AWJ. The Whispering Pine Inn (15.5 M, tavern at Shorstone)\par
AWK. OOO_Conjuration (15.5 M, \highlight1 adds 25 conjuration spells\highlight0 )\par
AWL. Bactrian camel and Dromedary Mounts (15.5 M, can ride camels and dromedarys)\par
AWM. \highlight1 Peacocks\highlight0  (15.5 M, animal)\par
AWN. Jen's HD Instruments (15.4 M, new 2K resolution for drum, lute, and flute)\par
AWO. Archagruhn (15.4 M, player home in Solstheim)\par
AWP. Rally's Farming Tools (15.4 M, replaces textures for shovels, pitchforks,\par
                            hoes, and brooms)\par
AWQ. More Sovngarde NPCs (15.4 M, adds Nords throughout TES history including past games)\par
AWR. The Rings of Old - Morrowind Artifacts (15.4 M, \highlight1 adds 5 rings\highlight0 , quest to find the rings)\par
AWS. The Mystery of Icebound Crypt (15.3 M, dungeon)\par
AWT. Thane's Basement (15.3 M, quest, dungeon)\par
AWU. \highlight1 Dragonlings\highlight0  (15.3 M, creatures, first appeared in TES 2)\par
AWV. Sagitar Stables (15.3 M, \highlight1 adds a 72-stall horse stable complex \highlight0 and player home)\par
AWW. Quest for Umbra (15.2 M, Q & A)\par
AWX. Fantasy Potion Replacer (15.2 M)\par
AXY. Simple Riverwood Home (15.2 M, alchemy, enchanting, \highlight1 garden\highlight0 )\par
AXZ. Detailed Chests Texture Replacers SE (15.2 M, retextures all chests to high resolution, multiple versions)\par
AYA. Hun Lovaas - Fan Made Combat Music (15.1 M, \highlight1 combat tracks\highlight0 )\par
AYB. MAMMOTH (15.1 M, texture overhaul of the Mammoth)\par
AYC. Fortune's Tradehouse (15.1 M, location, voiced quests)\par
AYD. Tamriellic Craftworks - Northern Cardinal (15.1 M, new ship banners)\par
AYE. City of the Ancients (15.0 M, \highlight1 adds a hidden city \highlight0 inside a mountain range)\par
AYF. It'll Take a Miracle (15.0 M, Q & A)\par
AYG. Hit Me With Your Best Shot 2.0 (15.0 M, adds nine unarmed combat weapons)\par
AYH. Aerthernautics - A Space Travel Mod (15.0 M, several new areas, enemies)\par
AYI. Path of the Revenant (14.9 M, Q & A)\par
AYJ. Better Vampire Weapons (14.9 M, Q & A)\par
AYK. Mezaroth (14.9 M, new dungeon, enemies, allies, gear)\par
AYL. \highlight1 Dugongs and Manatees \highlight0 (14.8 M, animals)\par
AYM. The Real Wild-No Roads (14.7 M)\par
AYN. skyBirds SSE Edition (14.7 M, flying interactive, sing, hop about, peck, perch)\par
AYO. \highlight1 Gravelords\highlight0  (14.7 M, creature)\par
AYP. Trainers Guild for Aspiring Warriors (14.6 M)\par
AYQ. Inferno - Advents of Flame (14.6 M, Q & A)\par
AYR. The Eye (14.6 M, \highlight1 new land mass four times size of Skyrim, three towns\highlight0 )\par
AYS. Castle Drakhur (14.6 M, huge castle, \highlight1 3 levels, pool\highlight0 , display cases)\par
AYT. Mini Quest - Pelagius Wing (14.5 M, Q & A)\par
AYU. \highlight1 Spider Daedra \highlight0 (14.5 M, creature)\par
AYV. The Village of Rudale (14.5 M)\par
AYW. The Mystery of Icebound Crypt SSE (14.5 M, dungeon)\par
AYX. Dragon Mine (14.4 M)\par
AYY. The Undercity (14.3 M, \highlight1 new city\highlight0 )\par
AYZ. Jurgholm (14.3 M, \highlight1 questline\highlight0 , multi-cell dungeon)\par
AZA. Sate That Appetite (14.3 M, try the new Talos Sandwich, pizza pie)\par
AZB. Draconham Castle (14.2 M, occupied by hospitaller monks)\par
AZC. Sunken City of R'lyeh (14.2 M, dungeon)\par
AZD. Snowhawk Expanded - City Ruins (14.2 M, \highlight1 from Arena and Oblivion\highlight0 , ruins of former city)\par
AZE. Enhanced Draugr FX (14.1 M, enhances draugr voices)\par
AZF. Into the West (14.0 M, \highlight1 High Rock and Hammerfell lands\highlight0 )\par
AZG. Nordic Cooking (14.0 M, \highlight1 recipes\highlight0 )\par
AZH. Immersive Wenches (14.0 M, adds wenches to every inn, some quests, barmaids)\par
AZI. Adorning Dawnstar (13.9 M, new NPCs, merchants, storage, player home)\par
AZJ. Forgotten Realms Heroes and Companions (13.8 M, \highlight1 adds 30+ companions\highlight0 )\par
AZK. Radovar's Revenge (13.8 M, fully voiced quest)\par
AZL. Immersive Speechcraft (13.8 M, adds several dialogue options)\par
AZM. Expanded Skyrim Weaponry (13.8 M, \highlight1 adds 95 new weapons\highlight0 )\par
AZN. Laid to Rest (13.8 M, small quest)\par
AZO. I herd u liked Draugrs (13.7, play as a draugr)\par
AZP. Curious Birds of Skyrim (13.7 M, \highlight1 penguins, dodos, owls, turkeys, peacocks\highlight0 )\par
AZQ. Alternative Bards Lute Songs (13.7 M)\par
AZR. The Golden Rose (13.7 M, a new shop with treats and nifty presents)\par
AZS. Riverwood Chapel (13.7 M, player home, shrines, NPC, \highlight1 catacombs\highlight0 )\par
AZT. \highlight1 Ancient Skeletons \highlight0 (13.7 M, creature)\par
AZU. Colovian Fur Outfit (13.7 M, adds a full set of fur armor and clothing)\par
AZV. Better Handcarts (13.6 M, HD version)\par
AZW. Seamless (13.6 M, adds dozens of new NPCs around Skyrim)\par
AZX. Varietea (13.6 M, \highlight1 adds nearly 20 new teas\highlight0 )\par
AZY. Witcher 3 Combat Music Replacer (13.6 M)\par
AZZ. Heartwood (13.5 M, \highlight1 village\highlight0 )\par
BAA. Cutting Clouds (13.5 M, two quests, dungeon)\par
BAB. Sounds of Skyrim - Complete Edition (13.5 M, \highlight1 adds 435+ sound effects\highlight0 )\par
BAC. Artifacts of Skyrim (13.5 M, \highlight1 adds 15 brand new artifacts hidden in Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
BAD. MiniNeeds (13.5 M, \highlight1 adds the need for peeing, eating, drinking, sleeping\highlight0 )\par
BAE. NarrativeLoot (13.5 M, \highlight1 adds 59 paintings as items to find in game\highlight0 )\par
BAF. Society of Merchants (13.4 M, \highlight1 big city, 9 specialty shops\highlight0 , 4 player houses,\par
                           \highlight1 3 shopping plazas\highlight0 , a followers tavern, an inn, camp)\par
BAG. Visible Windows (13.4 M, look more realistic)\par
BAH. Collectible Dragonling Eggs (13.4 M)\par
BAI. Strange Friendship I - Hagravens (13.4 M, quest)\par
BAJ. \highlight1 Seals and Sea Lions \highlight0 (13.3 M, 4 variants of seals, 3 variants of sea lions)\par
BAK. Willow Creek Cottage (13.3 M, a well-decorated player home)\par
BAL. Hell Core (13.3 M, \highlight1 an overhaul of Bleak Falls Barrow, much more challenging\highlight0 )\par
BAM. Pottery Recolor-The Third Set (13.3 M)\par
BAN. Path of the Revenant (13.3 M, Q & A)\par
BAO. Pottery Recolor (13.3 M)\par
BAP. \highlight1 Giant Wasps \highlight0 (13.3 M, creature)\par
BAQ. Temple of Kruziik (13.3 M, dungeon)\par
BAR. SKY CITY - Markarth Rising (13.2 M, expands Markarth city)\par
BAS. Gandolf's Staff of White Fire (13.2 M)\par
BAT. New Armored Horses (13.2 M, 5 new armored horses)\par
BAU. Hidden Skulls of the Forgotten Legends (13.2 M, \highlight1 10 unique skulls with books\highlight0\par
                                             placed with clues on how to find them)\par
BAV. The Trajan Dungeon (13.2 M, \highlight1 new underground settlement\highlight0 , quest, several NPCs)\par
BAW. New City AmberLight (13.1 M)\par
BAX. \highlight1 Mountain Lions and Panthers \highlight0 (13.0 M, animals)\par
BAY. \highlight1 Dovahkiin Hideout \highlight0 (13.0 M, accessed via a hatch leading under every player home)\par
BAZ. Better Skeever (12.9 M, 2048 x 2048 resolution custom textures used)\par
BBA. The Isles Esroniet (12.9 M, \highlight1 new land/location\highlight0 )\par
BBB. Sheep Flocks (12.8 M, sheep, shepherd dogs, and owners)\par
BBC. The Chaos Vault (12.8 M, \highlight1 four dungeons\highlight0 , maybe five)\par
BBD. SKY CITY - Markarth Rising (12.8 M, expands Markarth)\par
BBE. Markarth Botanical Gardens SE (12.8 M, \highlight1 new alchemy plants, world space\highlight0 , player home)\par
BBF. Bloodchill Hollow (12.7 M, new location, pumpkins, desserts, items, enemies)\par
BBG. \highlight1 Giant Scorpions \highlight0 (12.7 M, creature)\par
BBH. \highlight1 Giant Mantis \highlight0 (12.7 M, creature)\par
BBI. Safe Houses of Skyrim (12.6 M, adds 8 new locations for player to stay with upgrades)\par
BBJ. \par
BBK. Inferno - Advents of Flame (12.5 M, Q & A)\par
BBL. \highlight1 High Hrothgar Dungeons \highlight0 (12.5 M)\par
BBM. Eli's Coffee Mod (12.5 M, adds coffee pots, \highlight1 lets you make mugs of coffee\highlight0 )\par
BBN. Restore Vanilla Skyrim (12.5 M, tool that restores Skyrim to a vanilla state)\par
BBO. \highlight1 Watchers\highlight0  (12.4 M, creature)\par
BBP. Rats Kingdom (12.4 M, \highlight1 adds Rats in Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
BBQ. Falkreath Creek (12.4 M, DLC sized, \highlight1 expands Falkreath and beyond\highlight0 )\par
BBR. This is Riverwood (12.4 M, adds a dungeon and a quest, modifies Riverwood)\par
BBS. Dragonborn Cave (12.4 M, player home)\par
BBT. \highlight1 Ghouls\highlight0  (12.4 M, creature, first appeared in TES I: Arena)\par
BBU. Followers Training Hall (12.3 M, \highlight1 adds 14 new followers\highlight0 , new areas, a quest,\par
                              a vendor, a guard and prison system, hidden weapon)\par
BBV. Travelers Covered Wagon (12.3 M, \highlight1 a driveable covered wagon with a tent\highlight0 )\par
BBW. Friendlier Taverns with Baths and Barns (12.3 M, gives each tavern an overhaul)\par
BBX. Blacksmith's Basement - BHM (12.3 M, \highlight1 adds basement to vanilla player houses\highlight0 ,\par
                                  \highlight1 sorts and stacks crafting materials on shelves\highlight0 )\par
BBY. Clocks of Skyrim (12.3 M, adds various clocks which may be purchased and placed)\par
BBZ. project hudoria (12.3 M, \highlight1 new world\highlight0 )\par
BCA. Posh Ponies (12.3 M, \highlight1 adds 36 new player horses available for free\highlight0 )\par
BCB. \highlight1 Mimics\highlight0  (12.3 M, creature, disguise themselves as chests)\par
BCC. Pinefalls Cottage (12.3 M, player home, style of Cyrodiil)\par
BCD. Eldergleam City (12.3 M, \highlight1 adds a town \highlight0 inside Eldergleam Sanctuary)\par
BCE. \highlight1 Arachas\highlight0  (12.3 M, creature)\par
BCF. \highlight1 Squirrels\highlight0  (12.2 M, animal)\par
BCG. The Island (12.2 M, \highlight1 dwemer city and other ruins\highlight0 , island)\par
BCH. House of Spire Mountain (12.1 M, player home, quest, dialogue)\par
BCI. \highlight1 More Dungeons and Caves \highlight0 (12.1 M)\par
BCJ. Cool Caves 4K (12.1 M, 4K or 2K retexture of normal caves with parallax)\par
BCK. Better Docks (12.0 M)\par
BCL. Jorrvaskr Quarters (12.0 M, player home located in basement of Jorrvaskr)\par
BCM. \par
BCN. Undaunted (12.0 M, Q & A, short dungeon)\par
BCO. \highlight1 Terror Birds \highlight0 (11.9 M, creature)\par
BCP. Nurbarundel (11.9 M, venture inside a glacier, quest, \highlight1 lost Dwemer city\highlight0 )\par
BCQ. Origins of the Dragonborn (11.9 M, quest, house, castle, \highlight1 city\highlight0 , 4 quests)\par
BCR. Donker Schaduw (11.9 M, dungeon)\par
BCS. Crusty Loaves (11.9 M, 2k retextures for bread, potato bread, garlic, braided)\par
BCT. Fallen Timber (11.9 M, small cave with 6 characters)\par
BCU. Cults of Skyrim (11.8 M, Q & A)\par
BCV. Controlled Dwarved Power Suits (11.8 M, creature)\par
BCW. Rock Texture Set (11.8 M, 10 rock textures 2560 x 1920)\par
BCX. Candlestix (11.8 M, HD retexture, \highlight1 craft candles \highlight0 and hold them)\par
BCY. Army of Followers (11.8 M, adds 76 NPCs in taverns)\par
BCZ. Path of Sorcery - \highlight1 Magic Perk Overhaul \highlight0 (11.8 M, overhauls all 6 magic perk trees)\par
BDA. Dragon Staves of Domination (11.7 M, \highlight1 adds 3 new staves \highlight0 to the game)\par
BDB. The Forgotten Island (11.7 M, Q & A, \highlight1 small island\highlight0 )\par
BDC. The Secrets of Arc Cyrae (11.7 M, \highlight1 4 dungeons\highlight0 , 4 quests, 3 followers,player home)\par
BDD. NinasMessages (11.7 M, Q & A)\par
BDE. Wild Horses of Skyrim (11.7 M, animals)\par
BDF. Witcher 2 Helmet Pack (11.6 M, \highlight1 adds 10 craftable helmets\highlight0 )\par
BDG. Dragonslayers (11.6 M, quest to kill 10 powerful enemies across Skyrim)\par
BDH. Rocks4K (11.6 M, mountains and rocks textures)\par
BDI. Overseer House and Quest (11.6 M)\par
BDJ. tom349s Fist Weapons (11.6 M)\par
BDK. Solemn Keep Chronicles (11.6 M, caves)\par
BDL. \highlight1 Boars and Daggerbacks \highlight0 (11.6 M, animals)\par
BDM. Undead Werewolves (11.6 M, creature)\par
BDN. The Varangian Company (11.5 M, new location, mercenaries)\par
BDO. No GPS players map arrow marker (11.3 M)\par
BDP. \highlight1 Giant Centipedes \highlight0 (11.3 M, creature)\par
BDQ. Liam's Conjuration Spells (11.3 M, \highlight1 adds 70+ new spells\highlight0 , wide variety of creatures summoned)\par
BDR. Lawbringer (11.3 M, location)\par
BDS. LOTR-The Nazgul and the Ring of Power (11.2 M, Q & A)\par
BDT. Portal to Hell - New World (11.2 M, \highlight1 6 new lands\highlight0 )\par
BDU. Moa and Co. Hordes (11.2 M, \highlight1 adds moa, emu, marabou stork, shoebill stork\highlight0 )\par
BDV. Morthals Ghastly Mine (11.2 M, own your own iron mine, explore it)\par
BDW. Enhanced Skyrim Followers - Aela the Huntress (11.1 M, \highlight1 1000+ lines dialogue\highlight0 ,\par
                                 expanded friendship and romance options)\par
BDX. \highlight1 Wild Hogs \highlight0 (11.1 M, animal)\par
BDY. Ordinator - Perks of Skyrim (11.1 M, overhauls perk trees with \highlight1 about 400 new perks\highlight0 )\par
BDZ. \par
BEA. Kothringerious - Kothringi of Skyrim (11.1 M, \highlight1 play as the Kothringi\highlight0 )\par
BEB. Lakeview Manor Town and Fort (11.1 M, \highlight1 adds a town\highlight0 )\par
BEC. \highlight1 Natural intricate Spider Webs \highlight0 2x (11.1 M, increases detail, more dense and finer)\par
BED. DFT's Clothes Overhaul (11.0 M, adds a variety of new outfits, \highlight1 allows NPCs to\par
\highlight0                \highlight1 wear different clothes, rather than always wearing the same outfit)\par
\highlight0 BEE. Pizzamania (11.0 M, new meshes and textures)\par
BEF. Dwemer Egg (10.9 M, quest?)\par
BEG. New Bard Songs (10.9 M, \highlight1 replaces most of the songs that bards sing in taverns\highlight0 )\par
BEH. Better Archmage Quarters (10.9 M, mannequins, gallery, study area, bookshelves,\par
                               weapon racks, crafting area)\par
BEI. Alidon's Ultimate Armory (10.9 M, new location, \highlight1 hundreds of unique items\highlight0 ,      spells, followers)\par
BEJ. BlanketScarfSE (10.9 M, \highlight1 10 blanket scarves \highlight0 for men and women)\par
BEK. Dwarven Mechanical Dragons Mod (10.8 M, conjure and fight)\par
BEL. Whiterun Stronghold (10.8 M, hidden under the mountains)\par
BEM. Psijic Realm (10.8 M, \highlight1 become a member of this group\highlight0 , Q & A)\par
BEN. \highlight1 Gelatinous Cube \highlight0 (10.8 M, creature, they absorb objects as they walk)\par
BEO. \par
BEP. All Races Drop Skulls (10.7 M, may be looted from dead NPCs)\par
BEQ. Interiors of Skyrim (10.7 M, overhaul of numerous interior locations)\par
BER. Dragonbane Manor plus quests (10.7 M, \highlight1 several quests\highlight0 , player home)\par
BES. Water 4096x4096 (10.7 M, \highlight1 water retextured\highlight0 )\par
BET. Return to Tallon IV (10.6 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
BEU. \highlight1 Dwemer Mechanical Mudcrab \highlight0 (10.6 M, creature)\par
BEV. Solemn Keep Chronicles (10.5 M, caves, bandits)\par
BEW. The Secrets of Arc Cyrae (10.5 M, \highlight1 dungeons\highlight0 , NPCs, followers, quests, player home)\par
BEX. Hardrock Landing - Rochester (10.5 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
BEY. \par
BEZ. A Tragedy in Black - 2K Soul Gems (10.5 M, Complex Particle Lighting)\par
BFA. Shalidor's Migrant Portals (10.5 M, dungeon)\par
BFB. \highlight1 Forgotten Dungeons \highlight0 - Great White North Edition (10.5 M) *****\par
BFC. Factional Followers (10.4 M)\par
BFD. Highland Milk Farm (10.4 M, \highlight1 adds a farm and vendor, milk, water\highlight0 , breakfast foods)\par
BFE. The Flooded City of Ankarth (10.3 M, \highlight1 new world\highlight0 , city quests, NPCs)\par
BFF. Jewelry Smith - Circlet Collection (10.3 M, \highlight1 adds over 100 circlets\highlight0 )\par
BFG. The False One Rises (10.3 M, Q & A)\par
BFH. \highlight1 Cliff Racers \highlight0 (10.3 M, creature)\par
BFI. Items Tomb (10.3 M, dungeon, voice acted NPCs)\par
BFJ. Riften - Thief Edition (10.2 M, overhauls Riften)\par
BFK. Trial of the Stone Legion (10.2 M, difficult dungeon, puzzles, soundtrack, \highlight1 1\highlight0  \highlight1 hour gameplay\highlight0 )\par
BFL. World Dawn - Enchanted loot (10.2 M, huge variety of unique powerful loot)\par
BFM. Rens HD Flame Atronach (10.2 M, a 2K retexture)\par
BFN. Ancient Refuge Snow Elf House (10.2 M, player home)\par
BFO. Hammerfell Bandits (10.2 M, adds over 100 Redguard mercenaries, craftable\par
                         scimitar, 3 craftable outfits, custom armor)\par
BFP. CandyCaneArmorAndStuff V5.0 SSE (10.2 M, \highlight1 adds 35 shields, 30 staves, 10 spears\highlight0 , armor set)\par
BFQ. \highlight1 Civets and Mongooses \highlight0 (10.1 M, 2 types of Civets, 3 types of Mongooses)\par
BFR. Playable Flame Atronach (10.1 M)\par
BFS. Hunter's World for Newworld (10.1 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
BFT. True People of Skyrim (10.1 M, Q & A)\par
BFU. New followers (10.0 M, \highlight1 adds 18 followers \highlight0 to Skyrim)\par
BFV. Heavy Armory - New Weapons (10.1 M, \highlight1 adds nearly 100 new weapons\highlight0 , halberds,\par
                                 spears, glaives, quarter staves, mauls, hatchets)\par
BFW. Riverwood Log Cabin (10.1 M, player home)\par
BFX. Hardrock Landing - Rochester SE (10.1 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
BFY. Strange Worlds (10.1 M, Q & A)\par
BFZ. Castle Almgard (10.0 M, recreation from Oblivion)\par
BGA. Better Dwemer Spider Textures (10.0 M)\par
BGB. The Forgotten Island (10.0 M, Q & A)\par
BGC. \highlight1 Placeable Statics - Move Anything \highlight0 (10.0 M, move, rotate, place, grab)\par
BGD. Become a Skooma Drug Lord (10.0 M, Q & A)\par
BGE. New ship and crew - The Isabella (9.9 M)\par
BGF. Scribe - Scroll Crafting Lite (9.9 M, \highlight1 places scroll scribe crafting \par
\highlight0                                     \highlight1 stations in all major cities\highlight0 )\par
BGG. Word Walls Relocated (9.9 M)\par
BGH. Whiterun Museum and Blackwalk Tower (9.9 M, \highlight1 underground Dwemer ruin\highlight0 )\par
BGI. TES.V Resurrection of the Deep Elves (9.9 M, overhaul of all Dwarven ruins\par
                                           adding new race of Dwemer)\par
BGJ. Witcher 3 Geralt Dual Swords (9.9 M, silver and steel swords)\par
BGK. Greatbows Collection (9.9 M, \highlight1 adds 18 types of greatbows and 20 greatarrows\highlight0 )\par
BGL. The Dead Bee Scrolls (9.9 M, \highlight1 quest line\highlight0 , meadery)\par
BGM. Grimoire - Spell package (9.8 M, \highlight1 adds 100+ spells\highlight0 )\par
BGN. Dwemer Aquarium (9.8 M, quest, house decoration)\par
BGO. Expanded Gemstones (9.8 M, adds extra gemstones to mining, trade, and loot)\par
BGP. Khan Krum Custom Voice Follower (9.8 M, \highlight1 5 quests\highlight0 , follower)\par
BGQ. Skooma Bear (9.8 M, \highlight1 two quests\highlight0 , two followers, journals)\par
BGR. Buoyant Armiger Armors (9.8 M, adds Volcanic, Black Rhyolite, and Granite)\par
BGS. \highlight1 Dynamic Immersive Seriously Dark Dungeons \highlight0 (9.7 M, \highlight1 complete darkness\highlight0 )\par
BGT. \highlight1 Random Dungeon Generator \highlight0 (9.7 M, \highlight1 generates random dungeons\highlight0 ) ***** +++ *****\par
BGU. Extraordinary Eggs (9.7 M, HD Textures of bird eggs and nests)\par
BGV. \highlight1 Snowrays\highlight0  (9.7 M, animal)\par
BGW. UNahzaal Feyn (9.7 M, fort)\par
BGX. Meridia's Light (9.7 M, \highlight1 staff to replace a vanilla torch, deals damage\highlight0 )\par
BGY. \highlight1 Dragonlings\highlight0  (9.7 M, creature)\par
BGZ. Kagrenac's Refuge (9.7 M, \highlight1 portable rotating cube home\highlight0 )\par
BHA. Hunting Grounds (9.6 M, \highlight1 new realm\highlight0 )\par
BHB. The Blood Prison (9.6 M, dungeon, quest, difficult)\par
BHC. Project Book (9.6 M, \highlight1 weekly release book store\highlight0 )\par
BHD. The Red Estate (9.6 M, player house, nearby dungeon/mine)\par
BHE. Marians Spa Windhelm (9.6 M, location)\par
BHF. Forgotten Places SE (9.6 M, \highlight1 adds village, settlement, city\highlight0 )\par
BHG. Lost Dwemer Repository (9.6 M, player home, dwemer displays, items)\par
BHH. Lakeview cave expansion (9.6 M, cave)\par
BHI. HOP - Horses on Patrol - Dawnguard (9.6 M, adds mounted patrols with dogs)\par
BHJ. New Epic Boss Fights (9.6 M, 8 new fights, dungeon?)\par
BHK. Saviors Lodge (9.6 M, quest, player home, \highlight1 windmill, pool\highlight0 , farm, kitchen,\par
                    bedroom, alchemy, enchanting)\par
BHL. \highlight1 Beasts of Oblivion - Daedroth \highlight0 (9.6 M, creature)\par
BHM. New intro Video (9.5 M)\par
BHN. Ice Wraiths Retexture 2k (9.5 M)\par
BHO. \highlight1 Elemental Triad \highlight0 (9.5 M, creature)\par
BHP. Skyrim Silly Voices for Creatures (9.5 M)\par
BHQ. \highlight1 Kagouti\highlight0  (9.5 M, creature)\par
BHR. Telvanni Bug Musk Merchant (9.4 M, \highlight1 adds a dunmer merchant selling items\par
\highlight0                                  \highlight1 from Morrowind including Bug Musk\highlight0 )\par
BHS. Ashenguard (9.4 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
BHT. \highlight1 Beavers and Raccoons \highlight0 of Skyrim (9.4 M, animals)\par
BHU. GLENMORIL - English Translation (9.3 M, Q & A)\par
BHV. The Cursed Keep (9.3 M, \highlight1 adds 8 followers\highlight0 , small world space, quest, player home)\par
BHW. \highlight1 Witcher 3 Cat Armor \highlight0 (9.3 M)\par
BHX. \highlight1 Macrauchenia\highlight0  of Skyrim (9.3 M, animal)\par
BHY. No-Loading-Screen Dungeon (9.3 M, medium dungeon, pitch black)\par
BHZ. Mother of Tears Tome 1 and Tome 2 (9.3 M, \highlight1 questline, dungeons\highlight0 )\par
BIA. BadGremlins The Haunted (9.2 M, a Halloween house)\par
BIB. The Hunted (9.2 M, Q & A)\par
BIC. \par
BID. Dragonborn Castle (9.2 M, castle, rare items, shops, inn, quest)\par
BIE. Torch Craft (9.2 M, \highlight1 craft and improve torches, three improvement ranks\highlight0 )\par
BIF. Solitude and Temple Frescoes (9.2 M)\par
BIG. Visual Master Spells (9.2 M, more effects and colors)\par
BIH. Khan Krum Custom Voice Follower (9.2 M, 5 quests, voiced follower)\par
BII. Into the Depths (9.1 M, mine)\par
BIJ. Wizard's Tower (9.1 M, player home)\par
BIK. Air Atronach (9.1 M, six armed, three headed, wielding six enormous swords)\par
BIL. The Atriarch (9.1 M, Q & A)\par
BIM. \highlight1 GRAHL The Ice Troll \highlight0 (9.0 M, creature)\par
BIN. Ancient Egyptian Nile SE (9.0 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
BIO. 18 Black Katanas HD ML (9.0 M, 18 new weapons, \highlight1 recipes for forging, new ingot\highlight0 )\par
BIP. Waterfalls Player Home (8.9 M, \highlight1 large cavern\highlight0 , player home, display oriented)\par
BIQ. \highlight1 Hyenas\highlight0  of Skyrim (8.9 M)\par
BIR. The Kal'nar'ree (8.9 M, large ship player home, quest, weapon, mining tool)\par
BIS. The Legend of Zelda - Skulltula (8.9 M, \highlight1 three new spider types\highlight0 )\par
BIT. Chakram Weapon (8.9 M, disc-like weapons)\par
BIU. \highlight1 Giant Centipedes \highlight0 (8.9 M, creature)\par
BIV. Skygazer Moons (8.8 M, new textures for Masser & Secunda in 4K, 2K, and 1K)\par
BIW. Viking Towns of Skyrim (8.8 M, \highlight1 adds 3 Viking towns\highlight0 )\par
BIX. The Elder Scrolls Online Imports (8.8 M, adds some lore and features)\par
BIY. \highlight1 Barghests and Hell Hounds \highlight0 (8.8 M, creatures)\par
BIZ. Seeberg (8.7 M, very small island, \highlight1 fort\highlight0 )\par
BJA. \highlight1 Will-o-the-Wisp Sprites and Voriplasms \highlight0 (8.7 M, creatures)\par
BJB. Better Food Effects with New Recipes (8.7 M, \highlight1 adds 30+ recipes\highlight0 , adds 20 cooking stoves)\par
BJC. O Starry Night (8.7 M, changes default vanilla sky to a more dense star packed sky)\par
BJD. Wyvern Rock Castle (8.6 M, large player home, \highlight1 secret rooms\highlight0 )\par
BJE. Rendspire Palace Reborn (8.6 M, player home, detailed, large, armory,\par
                              \highlight1 massive amount of storage space\highlight0 , display cases)\par
BJF. Legacy of the Snow Prince (8.6 M, dungeon)\par
BJG. more elven armor (8.6 M, \highlight1 adds 5 elven armors\highlight0 )\par
BJH. Bear's Lodge (8.5 M, player home, \highlight1 chopping block, \highlight0 smelter, smithy, oven,\par
                   \highlight1 churn\highlight0 , alchemy, enchanting, plenty of storage, \highlight1 library\highlight0 , 5 beds)\par
BJI. SpiderMights Bandit Tavern (8.5 M)\par
BJJ. \par
BJK. Crossbows of Skyrim (8.5 M, \highlight1 3 types of crossbows will now spawn with NPCs across Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
BJL. A Pale Tale (8.5 M, location, quest)\par
BJM. The Elsweyr Embassy (8.4 M, Khajiit player home with a story)\par
BJN. More Stables (8.4 M, \highlight1 adds new stables to various towns with new horses\highlight0 )\par
BJO. \highlight1 Wolves of Cyrodiil \highlight0 (8.4 M, animal, 4 color variants and 2 types)\par
BJP. Bengali Clan Estate (8.3 M, rather elaborate and sprawling Manor, tower)\par
BJQ. Kidmer - Adoptable Elf Children (8.3 M, a boy and girl dark elf, high elf, wood elf, and orc)\par
BJR. Old Oak Den (8.3 M, subterranean player home)\par
BJS. Alternative Bards Drum Songs (8.3 M)\par
BJT. Fair Imperial Forts 4K (8.2 M, retextures forts in 4K or 2K)\par
BJU. Dol Khazun (8.2 M, medium sized Orcish stronghold player home, \highlight1 secrets\highlight0 , backstory)\par
BJV. Liliths Eviscerator (8.2 M, \highlight1 adds 14 swords, greatswords, and daggers\highlight0 )\par
BJW. \highlight1 Skyrim Audio Book Project \highlight0 (8.2 M)\par
BJX. Skyrim Immersive Details (8.2 M)\par
BJY. Wyvern Rock Castle (8.2 M, large player home, \highlight1 secret rooms\highlight0 , can you find them all?)\par
BJZ. Hearthfire Dolls Are Ugly (8.2 M, \highlight1 adds 9 teddy bears and 2 elven dolls\highlight0 )\par
BKA. The Collectors Crypt (8.1 M, player home)\par
BKB. Dwarven Blasters (8.1 M, \highlight1 adds three types of dwarven blasters \highlight0 with custom\par
                       ammo, sound, and visual FX)\par
BKC. Lostrock island (8.0 M, NPCs, tasks, weapons, houses, enemies, spells)\par
BKD. Even Better Quest Objectives (8.0 M, enhances the quest descriptions)\par
BKE. Castle Drache in Deadwood Forest (8.0 M)\par
BKF. Nether's Follower Framework (8.0 M, \highlight1 allows up to 10 companions at one time\highlight0 )\par
BKG. Extra Guards SE (8.0 M, \highlight1 adds 491 guards\highlight0 , all 9 holds, towns, mills, farms, mines)\par
BKH. Volthar Manor Reborn (8.0 M, location)\par
BKI. \par
BKJ. The House of Orror (8.0 M, dungeon, story)\par
BKK. \highlight1 Crystal Golems \highlight0 (8.0 M, creature)\par
BKL. Inn Soaps (8.0 M, \highlight1 adds unique soaps to many inns across Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
BKM. Gears of Fate - Alvor of Riverwood (8.0 M, \highlight1 questline\highlight0 , Bard's College)\par
BKN. \par
BKO. Telescope (8.0 M, \highlight1 adds a selection of craftable telescopes with working\par
\highlight0                 \highlight1 scope zoom\highlight0 )\par
BKP. Lots More Followers for SE (7.9 M, \highlight1 adds 70 followers and 3 quests\highlight0 , all with voices)\par
BKQ. New potions and poisons (7.9 M, \highlight1 over 40 new, new effects, visual effects\highlight0 )\par
BKR. Automatons and Shurikens (7.9 M, \highlight1 adds hidden Dwemer Schematics in Dwemer\par
\highlight0                                \highlight1 ruins, you can summon the robots\highlight0 )\par
BKS. Skeleton Companions (7.8 M, adds two skeleton companions)\par
BKT. Realistic HD Mushrooms (7.8 M, changes models, textures, and effects)\par
BKU. Samurai Bamboo Arrows (7.8 M, gravity effect, three textures)\par
BKV. Dunmeri Great House Robes (7.8 M, enchantable)\par
BKW. Legions of Morrowind (7.8 M, \highlight1 brings back some Imperial armor and weapons from \par
\highlight0                            \highlight1 Morrowind and Solstheim during the Third Era\highlight0 )\par
BKX. Thieves Guild Jewelry Smelter (7.7 M, table sized, smelts into metal ingots)\par
BKY. \highlight1 The Skyrim Encyclopedia \highlight0 (7.7 M, adds a bunch of books around a new desk)\par
BKZ. The Elder Scrolls - Tomebound (7.7 M, \highlight1 spells, staves, scrolls from TES lore\highlight0 )\par
BLA. Solstheim - Skaal Fishing Camp (7.7 M, adds a small fishing camp, tent textures)\par
BLB. Dark land of Valkyn (7.6 M, \highlight1 new land and its dungeons\highlight0 )\par
BLC. Treasure Dungeons (7.6 M)\par
BLD. Granite Hill (7.6 M, \highlight1 village\highlight0 , lots of sights and experiences)\par
BLE. Skyrim Relictment (7.5 M, \highlight1 new guild, adds 15 quests\highlight0 , stop bandits)\par
BLF. Improved Blacksmithing (7.5 M, \highlight1 over 30 new recipes, craftable arrows,\par
\highlight0                              \highlight1 lockpicks, staves, new arrow types\highlight0 , armor, weapons)\par
BLG. Topographic World Map of Skyrim (7.5 M)\par
BLH. SnowValley Manor (7.5 M, huge player home with followers and merchants)\par
BLI. \highlight1 Altin's Village \highlight0 (7.5 M, location)\par
BLJ. Pirate Island (7.5 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
BLK. Stroti's Mushroom House (7.4 M, player home, cave)\par
BLL. \highlight1 Forgotten Dungeons \highlight0 (7.4 M, \highlight1 adds 65 dungeons\highlight0 ) ***** +++ *****\par
BLM. The Tomb of Erald Kin-Slayer (7.4 M, tomb)\par
BLN. Jobs of Skyrim - 2017 (7.4 M, \highlight1 adds 22 different jobs\highlight0 )\par
BLO. Depths of Repentance (7.4 M, \highlight1 questline and story, 20 interior locations\highlight0 ,\par
                           exterior worldspace, NPCs, challenging content)\par
BLP. BAD NEWS BEARS (7.4 M, 2K enhanced textures for three types of bears)\par
BLQ. Hunting Grounds SE (7.4 M, new location)\par
BLR. Lukas (7.4 M, follower)\par
BLS. \highlight1 House Cats \highlight0 (7.3 M, animal)\par
BLT. \highlight1 Rats\highlight0  Kingdom SE (7.3 M, animal)\par
BLU. Baya Malay Tower (7.3 M, dungeon)\par
BLV. True Medieval Tavern Music (7.3 M)\par
BLW. 1982 Conan- The Barbarian (7.3 M, follower)\par
BLX. \highlight1 Wands of Skyrim \highlight0 (7.3, fully functional)\par
BLY. Dwemer Cliff Houses (7.3 M, \highlight1 adds several Dwemer style houses\highlight0 )\par
BLZ. Vampire Assassins (7.3 M, adds 45 perked enemies)\par
BMA. Goldleaf Pony Farm (7.3 M, a farm in the wilderness)\par
BMB. Mo'Tirma (7.3 M, an Orc player home)\par
BMC. Simply Bigger Trees SE (7.3 M, \highlight1 all trees nearly doubled in size\highlight0 )\par
BMD. Djiin Cube (7.3 M, retrieve a unique artifact, \highlight1 learn spell which will grant\par
\highlight0                  \highlight1 access to a tiny altered dimension\highlight0 , unique experience)\par
BME. Vanaheimr (7.2 M, \highlight1 new world\highlight0 )\par
BMF. Dwarven Pride (7.2 M, \highlight1 2 hours gameplay, ruins\highlight0 , voiced NPC, quest)\par
BMG. Weapon Variants Expansion (7.2 M, \highlight1 88 new variants and 24 shield variants\highlight0 )\par
BMH. Ova the Rainbow (7.2 M, a psychedelic egg hunt, search for missing man)\par
BMI. Ages of the Past (7.2 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
BMJ. Unslaad English Voiced (7.2 M, Q & A)\par
BMK. Penitus Oculatus (7.2 M, quest, faction)\par
BML. RUSTIC ELDERSCROLL (7.1 M, retexture in 4K and 2K)\par
BMM. \highlight1 Arsinotherium\highlight0  (7.1 M, animal)\par
BMN. HD Urns Textures (7.1 M)\par
BMO. Nagas Cavern (7.1 M, player home, \highlight1 behind a waterfall\highlight0 )\par
BMP. Tavern Games (7.1 M, \highlight1 adds mini games, board, card, dice, lotteries\highlight0 , etc.)\par
BMQ. Sewers of Markarth (7.1 M, dungeon, poachers)\par
BMR. Temple of Molag Bal (7.1 M, tomb)\par
BMS. The Seaside Library (7.0 M, \highlight1 library/book store featuring almost all books\par
\highlight0                           \highlight1 from the previous TES games as well as from Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
BMT. New Combat Sounds (7.0 M)\par
BMU. Teddybears in Skyrim DV (7.0 M)\par
BMV. UPS Portable Camp (7.0 M, player home)\par
BMW. Crystal Cave (7.0 M)\par
BMX. Morrowind Swords for Skyrim (7.0 M)\par
BMY. Zar dungeon (6.9 M, Nordic dungeon)\par
BMZ. Azurion (6.9 M, \highlight1 large underground Sanctum\highlight0 , player home, followers)\par
BNA. Essential Elements (6.9 M, quest)\par
BNB. Improved Butterfliegen (6.9 M, \highlight1 adds new bug jars, more spawn points\highlight0 )\par
BNC. Path of Champion SSE (6.9 M, \highlight1 multi-level dungeon, dozens of custom objects\highlight0 , quest)\par
BND. Hunter Vendors (6.9 M, \highlight1 adds 5 hunters at entrance of towns \highlight0 to buy your\par
                     goods, pelts, gear, leather strips, leather, arrows, \par
                     bows, and daggers)\par
BNE. Renegan Kroo (6.8 M, dungeon)\par
BNF. Newmiller's jewellry (6.8 M, \highlight1 adds 111 necklaces and circlets\highlight0 )\par
BNG. Skyrim Belongs to the Nords (6.8 M, \highlight1 adds nearly 500 generic NPCs \highlight0 to cities and villages)\par
BNH. A Feathered Friend (6.8 M, Q & A)\par
BNI. \highlight1 Cyrodilic Horses \highlight0 (6.7 M, animal)\par
BNJ. A Feathered Friend (6.7 M, Q & A)\par
BNK. The Continuum Gauntlet (6.7 M, travel Skyrim and collect six gems)\par
BNL. Immersive Dungeons SSE (6.7 M, \highlight1 adds 7 dungeons, story\highlight0 )\par
BNM. Nchargthand Secrets (6.7 M, Q & A, \highlight1 underground dwemer complex\highlight0 )\par
BNN. Lotr Sarumans Tower Orthanc (6.7 M, tower)\par
BNO. flyable Magic Carpet (6.6 M)\par
BNP. Sasha's Jewelry (6.6 M, \highlight1 adds circlets, rings, lots of necklaces, craftable\highlight0 )\par
BNQ. Bound Armory Extravaganza (6.6 M, \highlight1 32 different bound weapons, improved visuals\highlight0 )\par
BNR. Mushroom Soups SSE (6.6 M, \highlight1 adds 5 new craftable mushroom soups\highlight0  to the game)\par
BNS. Perk Tomes (6.6 M, \highlight1 simply read about perks in books to receive them\highlight0 )\par
BNT. \par
BNU. Lords Mail (6.5 M, small quest)\par
BNV. Mushroom Soups (6.5 M)\par
BNW. The Skyrim Bestiary (6.5 M, \highlight1 craft bestiary books using creature components\par
\highlight0                           \highlight1 gathered from your kills\highlight0 )\par
BNX. Reborn of The Blades (6.5 M, Q & A)\par
BNY. Halloween in Solitude (6.5 M, \highlight1 adds 100+ pumpkins carved and un-carved\highlight0 )\par
BNZ. Natural Cave - Kynes World (6.4 M, cave home, \highlight1 travel to new world\highlight0 )\par
BOA. Rhinos of Skyrim (6.4 M, \highlight1 adds woolly rhinos\highlight0 )\par
BOB. \highlight1 Crystal Golems \highlight0 (6.4 M, creature)\par
BOC. \highlight1 Bantam Guars \highlight0 (6.3 M, animal)\par
BOD. Obsidian Caverns (6.3 M, cavern)\par
BOE. Cave of Sadness (6.3 M, new cave and weapon)\par
BOF. Fort Winstad (6.3 M, \highlight1 a village and fort\highlight0 )\par
BOG. Rodryk's Books (6.3 M, a collection of \highlight1 11 lore-friendly books\highlight0 , \par
BOH. An Endless Tail (6.3 M, \highlight1 massive dungeon, custom items\highlight0 , quest)\par
BOI. Griffins Island (6.3 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
BOJ. Atelier Dovahkiin, (6.3 M, \highlight1 adds an atelier that can craft decorative\par
\highlight0                          \highlight1 small articles\highlight0 , some mini-quests)\par
BOK. Lost Island - Ile perdue (6.2 M, little island, \highlight1 world space\highlight0 , dwarven house)\par
BOL. Paradise Halls (6.2 M, two small slave camps, labor system, follower)\par
BOM. Wrath of Nature (6.2 M, Q & A)\par
BON. Soviet Empire (6.2 M, \highlight1 makes empire into Soviets and Solitude into East Germany\highlight0 )\par
BOO. Northern Encounters SE (6.2 M, \highlight1 adds 150 new encounters to Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
BOP. Skyrim - More stuff to discover (6.2 M, locations, quest)\par
BOQ. Riverwoods Hidden Mine (6.1 M, mine)\par
BOR. JB Dwemer Quest (6.1 M, quest, \highlight1 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
BOS. Dreamwraith's Dungeon Pack (6.1 M, \highlight1 set of challenging dungeons\highlight0 , gear, consumables)\par
BOT. Depths of Hell (6.1 M, \highlight1 absolutely massive dungeons\highlight0 , many weapons, armor,\par
                     spells, and \highlight1 tons of monsters\highlight0 , unique enchanted items)\par
BOU. \highlight1 Giant Eagles \highlight0 (6.1 M, animal)\par
BOV. Tundra Quagmire (6.1 M, adds thick field of heather and ligonberry to tundra regions)\par
BOW. Norseland (6.1 M, \highlight1 huge land\highlight0 )\par
BOX. \highlight1 Silt Striders \highlight0 (6.1 M, animal)\par
BOY. \highlight1 Ash Golem \highlight0 (6.1 M, creature)\par
BOZ. Haven Bag (6.1 M, \highlight1 portable house in a bag\highlight0 )\par
ANF. Fully Animated Meals Potions (6.1 M, \highlight1 over 160 animations \highlight0 for eating and drinking)\par
ANG. Forgotten Settlements (6.0 M)\par
ANH. Goals for Roleplaying (6.0 M, Q & A)\par
ANH. \highlight1 Solitude Museum \highlight0 (6.0 M, new building, \highlight1 displays over 150 unique items\highlight0 )\par
ANH. \highlight1 Serpents\highlight0  (6.0 M, animal, 3 species)\par
ANI. Treasure Hunter for SSE (6.0 M, \highlight1 new dungeons\highlight0 , treasure maps)\par
ANI. Marians Splash Markarth (6.0 M, \highlight1 town\highlight0 )\par
ANJ. DFB - Dawnguard - Crossbow Expansion (6.0 M, \highlight1 more variations, more bolt types\highlight0 )\par
ANK. MINPCs OE (5.9 M, \highlight1 add many new NPCs that wander throughout Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
ANL. Hroldan Nightgate and Sawmill Villages (5.9 M)\par
ANM. Staff of Shalidor (5.9 M, \highlight1 a small house on the tip of a staff\highlight0 )\par
ANM. \highlight1 Ash Golem \highlight0 (5.9 M, creature)\par
ANM. Explosives Remastered as a STatic (5.9 M, \highlight1 adds 3 explosives\highlight0 )\par
ANN. \highlight1 Flamingos\highlight0  (5.9 M, animal)\par
ANO. The Noble Chaurus (5.9 M, Q & A)\par
ANP. Sounds of Barenziah (5.9 M, \highlight1 adds sound effects to the stones \highlight0 similar to nirnroot)\par
ANQ. Bannermist Manor (5.9 M, player house, watermill, alchemist vendor)\par
ANR. Hall of the Dragon Priests (5.8 M, Q & A, Nordic dungeon)\par
ANS. Kainalten Keep (5.8 M, small castle with dungeon)\par
ANT. The Great Town of Ivarstead SSE (5.8 M)\par
ANT. Mirci's Party Island (5.8 M, \highlight1 new island\highlight0 , NPCs)\par
ANU. Swearing Draugrs (5.8 M, sound replacement)\par
ANV. The Magic Carrot (5.8 M, Q & A)\par
ANW. Palantirs of Skyrim (5.8 M, \highlight1 adds 10 enchanted crystal orbs to find\highlight0 )\par
ANX. Ravenscale Castle (5.8 M)\par
ANY. Rally's Butterflies, Moths and Torchbugs (5.8 M, texture replacer)\par
ANZ. Lady of the Lake Mercenaries (5.8 M)\par
AOA. Zelron Follower Package (5.8 M, 11 new followers)\par
AOB. Briraka's Draugr Overhaul (5.7 M)\par
AOC. DFT's More Bandit Encampments (5.7 M, \highlight1 adds 12 new locations to Falkreath Hold\highlight0 )\par
AOC. Rorikstead Village Overhaul (5.7 M, \highlight1 8 new houses, 3 small quests\highlight0 , 22 NPCs)\par
AOC. Unique Bows Collection (5.7 M, \highlight1 adds 10 new unique bows\highlight0 , placed in various locations)\par
AOC. Aados Island (5.6 M, \highlight1 two quests\highlight0 )\par
AOD. Borderlands of Skyrim (5.6 M, Q & A, \highlight1 all border gates of Skyrim have been opened\highlight0 )\par
AOD. Atmora The land of truth (5.6 M, \highlight1 explore Atmora\highlight0 )\par
AOE. \highlight1 Spectacular Night Eye \highlight0 SE (5.6 M, seven effects)\par
AOE. L.V.X Magick's- More Books Please (5.6 M, \highlight1 215 readable books, 30 skill books\highlight0 )\par
AOE. Rogue Merchant Alliance (5.6 M, \highlight1 adds 4 merchants that have more money and better\par
\highlight0                               \highlight1 goods, adds 4 followers with custom fighting styles\highlight0 , faction)\par
AOE. Elsweyr Senchal City BETA (5.5 M, \highlight1 city\highlight0 )\par
AOF. Skyradio (5.5 M, \highlight1 adds Dwemer jukeboxes and radios across Tamriel\highlight0 )\par
AOF. \highlight1 Zombie Dogs and Skinned Hounds \highlight0 (5.5 M, creatures)\par
AOF. Harvest Overhaul Redone (5.5 M, \highlight1 increases amount of ingredients gathered\highlight0 )\par
AOF. \highlight1 Craftable Perfumes and Colognes \highlight0 (5.4 M)\par
AOG. Daedric Hideout (5.4 M, Q & A)\par
AOH. Neverend (5.4 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
AOH. \par
AOI. Bosmeri Cuisine - SSE (5.4 M, \highlight1 adds 8 Bosmer food items\highlight0 )\par
AOI. Musk Ox (5.4 M, animal)\par
AOJ. 83Willows 101BugsHD (5.4 M, \highlight1 adds 28 insect species, ingredients\highlight0 , retextures)\par
AOK. Craftable Cloud Storage (5.3 M)\par
AOL. Engineering (5.3 M, \highlight1 allows you to craft dwarven minions \highlight0 to aid in battle)\par
AOM. The Clockwork Adventure (5.3 M, revisit the \highlight1 city of Sotha Sil\highlight0 )\par
AON. Oloraks Mansion (5.3 M, player home)\par
AOO. Mangled Ridege (5.3 M, swampy encampment location)\par
AOP. \highlight1 Giant Bats \highlight0 - Halloween Special (5.3 M, animal)\par
AOQ. Clyde the imga follower (5.3 M)\par
AOR. Exchange Currency SE (5.3 M, \highlight1 adds two types of paper money \highlight0 worth 1,000 and 5,000)\par
AOR. Small-Town Merchants (5.3 M, \highlight1 adds stores to five small towns\highlight0 )\par
AOS. The Legends of Bloodlust Tomb (5.3 M, tomb)\par
AOT. Additional Cave SE (5.2 M, \highlight1 adds 20 new dungeons\highlight0 ) *****\par
AOT. Aurora Village SE (5.2 M, \highlight1 fishing village\highlight0 )\par
AOT. Heavy Armory - New Weapons (5.2 M, \highlight1 adds nearly 100 weapons, halbreds, glaives,\par
\highlight0                     \highlight1 quarter staves, hatchets, clubs, spears, short swords, mauls\highlight0 )\par
AOT. Alchemists Lair (5.1 M, quest, player cave home)\par
AOU. Marians Lake Port Riften (5.1 M, adds lake, \highlight1 town\highlight0 )\par
AOV. Bendu Olos Only Hope (5.1 M, Q & A, voice acting, book, dungeon)\par
AOW. Water Arrows and Crossbow Bolts (5.1 M, \highlight1 extinguish lights from a distnace\highlight0 )\par
AOX. ScenicCarriages (5.1 M)\par
AOY. Skyrim SE Expanded Skyrim Weaponry (5.1 M, \highlight1 adds 105 weapons, 10 for each of the\par
\highlight0                \highlight1 main material types, and 5 for Stalhrim\highlight0 )\par
AOY. Way of the Voice (5.1 M, collection of voice commands for spells, shouts, and more)\par
AOY. \highlight1 Dynamic Immersive Seriously Dark Dungeons \highlight0 - SE (5.1 M, detailed settings controlled by you)\par
AOY. Dark blue (5.1 M, location, quest)\par
AOZ. GalexPk LakeView Manor Alchemy Cellar (5.1 M)\par
APA. Hraasil a Realistic Cave (5.0 M)\par
APB. \par
APC. A Festive Christmas (5.0 M, \highlight1 adds decorations, hundreds of presents can be found\highlight0 )\par
APD. \highlight1 Giant Rats \highlight0 (5.0 M, found in sewers, mines, ruined forts, caves)\par
APE. Stealing Sovngarde (5.0 M, Q & A)\par
APF. Aethernautics (5.0 M, dungeon, weapons)\par
APF. Ultimate Skyrim Quests Overview and Checklist (4.9 M, Q & A)\par
APG. \highlight1 Cliff Racers \highlight0 (4.9 M, creature)\par
APH. Mennequin Maker (4.9 M)\par
API. Cooking Recipes Pack (4.9 M)\par
APJ. Death Trap (4.9 M, dungeon)\par
APK. \highlight1 Ichthyosaurs\highlight0  (4.8 M, animal)\par
APL. Realistic Needs and Diseases DE (4.8 M)\par
APM. Sabretooth (4.8 M, companion, quest)\par
APN. Lord of the Returning Dead (4.8 M, armor, dungeon, weapon, NPC)\par
APO. Lost island mod (4.8 M, locations)\par
APQ. Dii Collection (4.8 M, \highlight1 7 different player homes\highlight0 )\par
APR. Armoury of Vernon Roche (4.8 M, Witcher 2 greatsword, mace, falchion, dagger)\par
APS. Never Talk to NPCs (4.8 M, quest, ruins, tablet)\par
APT. Falkreath Hunting Cabin (4.7 M, player home)\par
APU. Following Mercer SSE (4.7 M, Q & A)\par
APU. \highlight1 Cinematic Fire Effects 2 HD \highlight0 (4.7 M, higher resolution, color corrected flames)\par
APV. The Black Wolf Lodge Ranch Add-On (4.7 M, player home)\par
APW. Dragestein Chapel (4.7 M, player home)\par
APX. Skyrim Bigger Trees (4.7 M)\par
APY. Abandoned Cellar (4.7 M, player home)\par
APZ. DovKroniid Redoubt (4.7 M, a \highlight1 large castle complex\highlight0 , player home, full crafting)\par
AQA. \par
AQB. Daedra Lair (4.6 M, nordic ruin dungeon)\par
AQC. Sabre Gear Backpack (4.6 M, \highlight1 a set of 6 different balanced backpacks\highlight0 )\par
AQD. Forlorn Mine (4.6 M, small mine dungeon, 10 minutes content)\par
AQD. Script free ship sailing (4.6 M, \highlight1 adds a rideable tilting canoe \highlight0 affected by currents)\par
AQE. Tales of the Draugr Librarian (4.6 M, \highlight1 adds a library containing every book\par
\highlight0                                     \highlight1 of the base game, librarian\highlight0 )\par
AQF. Hilltop House (4.6 M, spooky home)\par
AQG. Hi Res Battle Maps V2 (4.6 M, replaces the 512x512 maps with 2048x2048 maps)\par
AQH. Honey Moon Hall (4.6 M, four buildings,\highlight1  a very huge cavern\highlight0 , exterior house)\par
AQI. The Unfinished Business (4.6 M, adds \highlight1 several short dungeons\highlight0 , short story)\par
AQJ. Castle Orlok (4.5 M, \highlight1 immense\highlight0 , carefully furnished player owned castle)\par
AQK. Secret of the Dwemer (4.5 M, quest)\par
AQL. Riften Ranger Shack (4.5 M, shack, small dungeon, armor set)\par
AQM. Dragonquests The secret of Dragon Cleft (4.5 M, \highlight1 dungeon complex\highlight0 , weapon)\par
AQN. Gokstad Sailable Ship (4.5 M, Viking longship, player home)\par
AQO. Town of Pinewatch (4.5 M, small \highlight1 village\highlight0 )\par
AQP. The Lost Kingdom of Hyrule (4.4 M, Q & A)\par
AQQ. ELAF Treasures (4.4 M, \highlight1 treasure hunt, find 10 hidden treasures in Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
AQR. Kunthar Keep (4.4 M, dungeon)\par
AQS. Whispers of Words (4.4 M, quest, journals)\par
AQT. \highlight1 Hym\highlight0  (4.3 M, creature, shadow like)\par
AQU. BadGremlins Crystal Gem Dragons (4.3 M, quest, dragon skulls)\par
AQV. \highlight1 Classic Ghosts \highlight0 (4.3 M, creature)\par
AQW. Secret prayers (4.3 M, Q & A)\par
AQX. City of the Gods (4.3 M, player home, book, portal)\par
AQY. Ravioli Luminous Request (4.3 M, Q & A)\par
AQZ. DNTH - The Magician Scroll (4.3 M, quest)\par
ARA. FNIS \highlight1 Zoo\highlight0  (4.3 M, \highlight1 watch all 45 creature races\highlight0 , tamed and from very close)\par
ARB. Mage Charlies Riften Home (4.2 M, location, weapon, spell book, potions, quest)\par
ARC. \highlight1 The Rabbit Hole \highlight0 (4.2 M, \highlight1 50 stage combat dungeon\highlight0 ) *****\par
ARD. The Memory of Rael (4.2 M, \highlight1 dungeon, quest\highlight0 , hunt a vampire)\par
ARE. Improved Poisons' Models (4.2 M, retextures, new textures)\par
ARF. Walking Stick Quest (4.2 M, Q & A, \highlight1 voiced quest, very dark dungeon\highlight0 )\par
ARG. Lord Randar Must Die (4.2 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
ARH. Skyrim Improved (4.2 M, \highlight1 massive gameplay overhaul\highlight0 , higher difficulty, more\par
                      realism, and tons of unique features)\par
ARI. The Dwemer City (4.2 M, adds a \highlight1 city\highlight0 )\par
ARJ. \highlight1 Hummingbirds\highlight0  (4.1 M, animal)\par
ARK. Skyrim Spells Expanded (4.1 M, \highlight1 adds new spells including ones from Oblivion\highlight0 )\par
ARL. Drem Fah Pah Nahl (4.1 M, \highlight1 location, quest\highlight0 )\par
ARM. Wizard Hats (4.1 M, adds \highlight1 wizard and witch hats, several colors\highlight0 )\par
ARN. \highlight1 Jyggalag\highlight0  in Skyrim (4.1 M, creature)\par
ARO. Better Breezehome Basement (4.0 M, adventure, full basement and many improvements)\par
ARP. Forgotten Valley (4.0 M, \highlight1 new locations\highlight0 )\par
ARQ. Runescar (4.0 M, Q & A, \highlight1 small island, four quests\highlight0 )\par
ARS. Atlas Map Markers (3.9 M, \highlight1 over 700 new map markers to discover\highlight0 , 470 Skyrim,\par
                        130 Dawnguard, 80 Dragonborn, 26 Blackreach, shrines,\par
                        shops, dungeon exits, innkeepers, ore mines, farms,\par
                        lost books, khajiit caravans, player homes, temples)\par
ART. An NPO Module - Crossbows (3.9 M, \highlight1 adds 10 crossbows, 9 bolt types, and more\highlight0 )\par
ARU. TCSO - Total Carryweight System Overhaul (3.9 M)\par
ARV. Corrupt Magic (3.9 M, \highlight1 3 new magic types, over 30 recipes\highlight0 , 3 crafting tables,\par
                    \highlight1 over 20 spells\highlight0 , 2 armors, and more)\par
ARW. Underground Vault (3.9 M, player home, training dummies, chests, weapons racks)\par
ARX. Mudcrabs Emporium (3.8 M, \highlight1 adds a talking mudcrab merchant\highlight0 , store)\par
ARY. Quest - The Raided Farm (3.8 M, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 , NPC)\par
ARZ. Hrafnrokk Keep (3.8 M, large player home / estate)\par
ASA. Auri-el Path (3.7 M, new \highlight1 location/dungeon\highlight0 )\par
ASB. Castle Mendoza (3.7 M, \highlight1 large player castle \highlight0 with followers, merchants, guards,\par
                     smithing forge, \highlight1 alchemy garden\highlight0 , enchanter, containers)\par
ASC. Honeystrand Meadery (3.7 M, \highlight1 craft dozens of new consumables, run your meadery\highlight0 )\par
ASD. Northern Bathhouses (3.7 M, \highlight1 adds bathhouses to six cities\highlight0 )\par
ASE. Sigil Stones (3.7 M, \highlight1 adds sigil stones, enchanting skulls, knowledge tomes\highlight0 )\par
ASF. Qothmaar Ritual Dungeon (3.7 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , weapon)\par
ASG. Craftable Trophies (3.7 M, \highlight1 craft placeable trophies \highlight0 using the Campfire system)\par
ASH. A Serious Wedding (3.7 M, \highlight1 quest\highlight0  with 105 lines of dialogue, Dunmeri)\par
ASI. The Havenites (3.6 M, \highlight1 adds 10 companions\highlight0 , 7 female and 3 male, player home)\par
ASJ. True Saiyan race 2.0 (3.6 M, \highlight1 a few dungeons\highlight0 )\par
ASK. \highlight1 Gandalf the Grey \highlight0 (3.6 M, follower)\par
ASL. Heartwood Village and the Amberhalls (3.6 M, \highlight1 new village with shops\highlight0 , NPCs)\par
ASM. The Aldmeri Domain (3.6 M, Q & A)\par
ASN. \par
ASN. Crystal Skull (3.6 M, adds \highlight1 crystal skulls \highlight0 to the game)\par
ASO. SKjolga's Basin (3.6 M, \highlight1 extremely detailed dungeon, quest, world space\highlight0 )\par
ASP. Imperial Fortress Castra Hiberna (3.6 M, \highlight1 fortress\highlight0 )\par
ASQ. Legacy of the Tyrants (3.6 M, \highlight1 a series of dungeons linked by a questline\highlight0 ,\par
                            story behind the dungeons) *****\par
ASR. Dahar Master Klingon Batleth (3.5 M, weapon)\par
ASS. Follower Pack I (3.5 M, \highlight1 adds 15 unique followers \highlight0 across Skyrim)\par
AST. Rashiiks Talon (3.4 M, Q & A, retrieve lost weapon)\par
ASU. Strange Friendship (3.4 M, Q & A, \highlight1 voiced quest\highlight0 )\par
ASU. Beyond Skyrim -- A Quest (3.4 M, quest, voiced NPCs, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , item)\par
ASV. CP Apple Trees (3.3 M, \highlight1 adds apple trees \highlight0 to Riverwood complete with apples \par
                     that you \highlight1 can pick, eat, or shoot down \highlight0 with arrows)\par
ASW. More Colorful Rune Staves (3.3 M, \highlight1 adds 6 staves for each of the 6 runes\highlight0 )\par
ASX. Black Tower Island (3.3 M,\highlight1  new land, dungeons and tombs\highlight0 )\par
ASY. \highlight1 Turkeys \highlight0 (3.3 M, animal, now on farms all across the province)\par
ASZ. New Treasure Hunt (3.3 M, \highlight1 adds 13 new treasure maps and hidden treasures\highlight0 )\par
ATA. Total Tundra Texture Transplant (3.2 M, makes tundra green and mossy)\par
ATB. Elemental Arrows (3.2 M, adds magic imbued arrows that can be crafted, each\par
                       arrow has their own unique effects and properties)\par
ATC. Cyrodiil Ship and boat resource (3.2 M, new ship and rowboat meshes)\par
ATD. More Bandit Camps (3.2 M, \highlight1 adds several more Bandit camps \highlight0 and stories)\par
ATE. Domkavosh the Betrayer (3.2 M, adds a powerful Dragon Priest follower)\par
ATF. Wicker Set (3.2 M, \highlight1 adds chair, sofa, table, chest, and basket of wicker style\highlight0 )\par
ATG. The Grotto (3.2 M, a large property containing \highlight1 three houses, a vault, cave\highlight0 ,\par
                 follower, a pet, and a few small Easter eggs)\par
ATH. Crossbows Revamped (3.2 M, \highlight1 adds new bolt types, increased damage, craftable\highlight0 )\par
ATI. Borderlands - Reborn of the Blades (3.2 M, \highlight1 locations, quest\highlight0 )\par
ATJ. CKs Companions (3.2 M, \highlight1 adds 12 companions to Whiterun\highlight0 , all have perks and level)\par
ATK. Sacred Grove (3.1 M, location)\par
ATL. The Eternal (3.1 M, Q & A, quest, \highlight1 underground city\highlight0 )\par
ATL. Dwarven Sphere Follower (3.1 M, adds a dwemer house, dwarven sphere follower)\par
ATM. Solstheim (3.1 M, \highlight1 a recreation of Solstheim as found in the Morrowind expansion\highlight0 )\par
ATN. Solstheim - The Lost Levels (3.1 M, \highlight1 adds 6 caves, 8 plants, 4 quests\highlight0 , book)\par
ATO. Malazon (3.1 M, \highlight1 new land, town, dungeon\highlight0 )\par
ATP. \highlight1 Blood Drakes \highlight0 (3.1 M, creature)\par
ATQ. Starmap's Followers (3.1 M, \highlight1 adds 10 new followers\highlight0 )\par
ATR. Wolf's Recipes Redone (3.1 M, \highlight1 cooking recipes pack\highlight0 )\par
ATS. The WatchTowers Reborn (3.1 M, a string of \highlight1 27 watchtowers taken over by bandits\highlight0 )\par
ATT. Take Notes (3.1 M, adds \highlight1 a player journal, create, view, and export your entries\highlight0 )\par
ATU. Meridia Candle Statue (3.1 M, different colors)\par
ATV. The Imperial City of Cyrodiil (3.1 M, \highlight1 1/2 scale replica from Oblivion\highlight0 )\par
ATW. Lord of Elements (3.1 M, locations, find artifact)\par
ATX. Castle Dar Khuun (3.1 M, \highlight1 very large castle player home\highlight0 )\par
ATY. Skyrim Creatures Book (3.1 M, \highlight1 most of the creatures presented in 3 books\highlight0 )\par
ATZ. Combat Remastered (3.1 M, \highlight1 heavy adjustments to melee combat\highlight0 , timed blocking,\par
                        new armor formula, relevance of stamina, archery, margic)\par
AUA. Magicka Sabers (3.1 M, \highlight1 adds lightsaber style weapons\highlight0 )\par
AUB. Bromjunaar Haven (3.1 M, \highlight1 access your home instantly from anywhere\highlight0 )\par
AUC. Eternal War (3.1 M, \highlight1 new world space, 3 kingdoms with castles\highlight0 , inns, farms)\par
AUD. Endless Horizon Home (3.0 M, player home, \highlight1 solve a mystery \highlight0 to find out how to\par
                           get inside, \highlight1 many fun activities\highlight0 )\par
AUE. Skyrim Fearless Encounter (3.0 M, \highlight1 more intense and tough battles \highlight0 across Skyrim)\par
AUF. Mages Chalet (3.0 M, player home, \highlight1 indoor garden\highlight0 )\par
AUG. EzEs -Colored Map Markers- (3.0 M, \highlight1 colors your map markers\highlight0 )\par
AUH. Fork of Horripilation Quest (3.0 M, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 , retrieve fork)\par
AUI. Two-Handed \highlight1 Dwemer Rifle \highlight0 (3.0 M)\par
AUJ. Campsites in Skyrim (3.0 M, \highlight1 adds 30 campsites \highlight0 in Skyrim)\par
AUK. The Mystery of Dr Riddler (3.0 M, Q & A)\par
AUL. Forsworn Campaign (3.0 M, \highlight1 start your campaign as a member of the Forsworn\highlight0 )\par
AUM. Black Forest (3.0 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , crossbow, chest, bolts)\par
AUN. Castle Shadowgate Revisited (3.0 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AUO. TamrielOfTanks (3.0 M, \highlight1 Dwarven Tanks\highlight0 )\par
AUP. iNeed - Food Water and Sleep (3.0 M)\par
AUQ. PELTS OF SKYRIM (3.0 M, 4 sets of 2K replacement textures)\par
AUR. Thalmor Companion Guild (2.9 M, \highlight1 allows you to side with the Thalmor\highlight0 )\par
AUS. The Oblivion Realms Serie - The Gate of Solitude (2.9 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AUT. ElSopa - HD Keys (2.9 M, no more blurry keys)\par
AUU. Escape the Cell (2.9 M, Q & A)\par
AUV. Frosty Deep (2.9 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AUW. Follower Pack II (2.9 M, \highlight1 adds 15 diverse followers across Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
AUX. Follower Pack III (2.8 M, \highlight1 adds 15 unique followers across Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
AUY. Dragon Under Whiterun (2.8 M, Q & A)\par
AUZ. Dwarven Pride (2.8 M, Q & A)\par
AVA. Lions Manson (2.8 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AVB. Monster Colosseum (2.8 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AVC. Liam's Staves of Skyrim (2.8 M, \highlight1 adds 45 new craftable staves\highlight0 )\par
AVD. Helgen Rebuilt (2.8 M)\par
AVE. Skyrim on Quarantine (2.7 M, \highlight1 makes all NPCs wear face masks and social distance\highlight0 )\par
AVF. Lord Dagoberts Dungeons (2.7 M, \highlight1 collection of 7 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
AVG. Skyrim Publishers (2.7 M, get quills and inkwells, create weekly book submissions)\par
AVH. The Cyrodiil Frontier (2.7 M, Q & A)\par
AVI. Dwemer Exploding Traps Bombs and Arrows (2.7 M)\par
AVJ. Google's Musical Instruments (2.7 M, \highlight1 adds 4 new musical instruments \highlight0 to the world)\par
AVK. Wheezes Community Dungeon Pack (2.7 M, \highlight1 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
AVL. Save the Dark Brotherhood (2.7 M, Q & A)\par
AVM. The Merry Snowberry (2.7 M, \highlight1 adds holiday decorations and food\highlight0 )\par
AVN. \highlight1 Wild Penguins \highlight0 (2.7 M, animal)\par
AVO. Yalles Ultimate Hybrid (2.7 M, \highlight1 pitch black nights and dungeons\highlight0 ) *****\par
AVP. Jackie Chan Adventures Talismans of Shendu (2.7 M, journal helps locate these artefacts)\par
AVQ. Dominos Perk Books (2.6 M, adds 18 NPCs, \highlight1 can sell 251 perk books\highlight0 )\par
AVR. EasierRider's Dungeon Pack (2.6 M, \highlight1 adds 8 dungeons \highlight0 across Skyrim)\par
AVS. The Guardians of Scrolls 3.0 (2.6 M, \highlight1 adds new scrolls, new ways to get scrolls\highlight0 ,\par
                                   enemies, locations, more valid playstyle)\par
AVT. Calling of the Conjurer (2.6 M, \highlight1 adds over 200 conjuration spells\highlight0 )\par
AVU. Immersive Dungeons (2.6 M, \highlight1 adds 7 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
AVV. \highlight1 More plants and recipes \highlight0 for Hearthfire (2.6 M, Jarrin Root, Nirnroot, Elves Ear,\par
                     Crimson Nirnroot, Frost Mirriam, Blueberry, Garlic, Tomatoes, etc.)\par
AVW. Ayleid Coins (2.6 M)\par
AVX. WEBS extended (2.6 M, replaces and adds more diverse textures, up to 2K texture size)\par
AVY. Snowhawk Manor (2.6 M, \highlight1 new locations\highlight0 , player home, find notes and books)\par
AVZ. The Lost Heirloom of Barry Brothelpots (2.6 M, \highlight1 quest, dungeon\highlight0 , custom items)\par
AWA. Solars Portable Containers (2.6 M, craft several portable containers)\par
AWB. \highlight1 Dangerous Bees \highlight0 (2.6 M, creatures)\par
AWC. Rotar (2.6 M, \highlight1 town\highlight0  on an island)\par
AWD. Dwemer Coin (2.5 M, collectable item)\par
AWE. Hope's Abandon (2.6 M, \highlight1 a huge dungeon\highlight0 , challenging puzzles, traps, high level)\par
AWE. Ring of Invisibility (2.5 M, use it wisely)\par
AWF. Portable OnDemand Disposable Unlimited Mannequins (2.5 M, \highlight1 adds 67 types\highlight0 )\par
AWG. 4K Stars and Galaxies (2.5 M, \highlight1 texture replacement for stars\highlight0 )\par
AWH. Babettes Feast - Improved Cooking (2.5 M, \highlight1 adds Breton-style recipes, artwork\highlight0 )\par
AWI. Immersive Dark Dungeons (2.5 M, gets rid of light in dungeons that should not be there)\par
AWJ. Orc Hearthfires (2.5 M, \highlight1 build your own orc Stronghold\highlight0 , Q & A)\par
AWK. Waystations of Skyrim (2.5 M, \highlight1 20 player homes \highlight0 throughout the game + one big house)\par
AWL. \highlight1 Playable Lute Flute and Drum \highlight0 (2.5 M, adds \highlight1 craftable\highlight0 s that you can play)\par
AWM. Trash Cans of Skyrim (2.5 M, \highlight1 permanently delete stuff\highlight0 )\par
AWN. Lorecraft - Cooking (2.5 M, brings \highlight1 cookery books\highlight0 , find recipes before you can cook them)\par
AWO. LEGENDARY BANDITS (2.4 M, adds 15 LB, \highlight1 42 NPCs, new books and journals\highlight0 , Q & A)\par
AWP. Summermyst - Enchantments of Skyrim (2.4 M, \highlight1 adds 120 enchantments\highlight0 )\par
AWQ. The Swansil Order (2.4 M, \highlight1 two locations\highlight0 )\par
AWR. Isengrav Barrow (2.4 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AWR. Trials of Barenziah (2.4 M, Q & A, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 )\par
AWR. Synnova Stronghold (2.4 M, small NPC community and a player home)\par
AWS. Phinix Geomancy (2.4 M, adds lesser power \highlight1 Geomancy, break down gems into dust\highlight0 )\par
AWT. The Black Labyrinth (2.4 M, a difficult \highlight1 16 x 16 x 16 cube maze, dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AWU. \highlight1 Arcane Cleanser \highlight0 (2.4 M, adds a container at several locations that you can \par
                      store items inside to have their enchantment removed, stolen tag)\par
AWV. Thieves Gutter Run (2.4 M, a large underground thieves hideout)\par
AWW. The Secret of Dragonhead (2.3 M, \highlight1 dungeon, fight against tons of hard monsters\highlight0 )\par
AWX. More Accurate Collision (2.3 M, collision detection of objects)\par
AWY. Jas Better Food (2.3 M, \highlight1 food restores a percentage of your total HP, energy\highlight0 ,\par
                      \highlight1 or magicka instead of a fixed value\highlight0 , 2 recipes) *****\par
AWZ. Thrassian Plaguesword (2.3 M, Q & A, \highlight1 books\highlight0 , weapon, player home, \highlight1 Sload activity\highlight0 )\par
AXA. The Notice Board (2.2 M, Q & A, \highlight1 adds quests Witcher style, two types\highlight0 )\par
AXB. NarrativeLoot - Open Books (2.2 M, \highlight1 adds 24 books \highlight0 as skill books to find)\par
AXC. TARDIS Mobile Player Home (2.2 M, doubles as a fairly large player home)\par
AXD. Eli's \highlight1 Poison Arrow Crafting \highlight0 (2.2 M)\par
AXE. Finding Helgi... and Laelette (2.2 M, Q & A)\par
AXE. Colored Conjuration (2.2 M, \highlight1 adds 56 conjuration spells\highlight0 )\par
AXF. Hearthfire Extended (2.1 M, \highlight1 build any furniture in any room, additional wings\highlight0\par
                          \highlight1 off your cellar\highlight0 , bugfixes, enhancements)\par
AXG. BadGremlins SnowGlobe Search (2.1 M)\par
AXH. Questing Freedom - Lost Artifacts (2.1 M, Q & A)\par
AXH. Ghost of the Alik'r (2.1 M, Q & A, quest, NPCs, \highlight1 two dungeons\highlight0 , new dialogue)\par
AXI. Sadrani Ancestral Tomb (2.1 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AXJ. 30 Custom Main Fonts for Skyrim (2.1 M)\par
AXK. Caos Quest for Goldbrand (2.1 M, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 , sword)\par
AXL. \highlight1 Dwemer Goggles \highlight0 and Scouter (2.1 M, Dwarven technology, give extra abilities in sight)\par
AXM. \highlight1 Cave\highlight0  of the Damned (2.1 M)\par
AXN. Skyversary Easter Eggs (2.1 M, \highlight1 find eggs all over Skyrim\highlight0 )\par
AXO. Cult of Agnar (2.1 M, \highlight1 quest, ruins\highlight0 )\par
AXP. \highlight1 Torch Arrows \highlight0 (2.0 M)\par
AXQ. divide and conquer (2.0 M, \highlight1 adds a huge area \highlight0 to the game and the map)\par
AXR. \highlight1 Daedric Museum of Artifacts \highlight0 (2.0 M, building)\par
AXS. School of Knowledge (2.0 M, puts a \highlight1 school\highlight0  in Solitude and Markarth for kids)\par
AXT. Mage Charlies Hyperborea Island (2.0 M, island, towns, NPCs, quest)\par
AXU. LC_CastleInvasion (2.0 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AXV. Tomb of Trials (2.0 M, \highlight1 dungeon, quest\highlight0 )\par
AXW. Tomb of Ahranas (1.9 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , voice acted quest)\par
AXY. Path of Champion (1.9 M, \highlight1 multi-level dungeon\highlight0 , dozens of custom objects,\par
                       puzzles, traps, loot, enemies, quest)\par
AXZ. Land of Vominheim (1.9 M, \highlight1 new land, dozens of new locations\highlight0 ) *****\par
AYA. The Isles of Hjorn (1.9 M, \highlight1 10+ dungeons, towns\highlight0 , NPCs) *****\par
AYB. Skyrim Giant Mountain Trail (1.9 M, Q & A)\par
AXX. Following Mercer (1.8 M, quest, \highlight1 track down the stuff Mercer took from the vault\highlight0 )\par
AXY. Mages College Quests (1.8 M, \highlight1 adds more quests \highlight0 to the College of Winterhold)\par
AXZ. Shor's Stone (1.8 M, an expansion)\par
AYA. Lost Dragon Dungeon (1.8 M, adds voiced quest, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , merchant)\par
AYA. WyldTats Warpaint Edition (1.8 M, \highlight1 70 male and female face/neck warpaints\highlight0 )\par
AYB. Little Falinesti (1.8 M, \highlight1 new location\highlight0 )\par
AYC. TamrielOfWarTrains (1.7 M)\par
AYD. \highlight1 Khajiit Hearthfires \highlight0 (1.7 M, build things for Khajiit)\par
AYD. Dwemer Horses Companions (1.7 M, adds \highlight1 2 dwemer horses \highlight0 with sounds and voice)\par
AYE. Woodhalt (1.7 M, adds a new \highlight1 village with 19 houses and 20 NPCs\highlight0 )\par
AYF. Spells of Tamriel (1.7 M, \highlight1 adds spells and enchantments from Morrowind and Oblivion\highlight0 )\par
AYG. Set Sail (1.7 M, \highlight1 new land\highlight0 )\par
AYH. Requiem - Realistic Needs and Hypothermia (1.7 M, \highlight1 overhauls food, cooking\highlight0 , etc.)\par
AYI. Home of Secrets (1.7 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , bandits, reward)\par
AYJ. Smoking Torches and Candles (1.7 M)\par
AYK. Hearthfire Cellars Extended (1.7 M, adds an armory and a bedroom to cellars)\par
AYL. Mammoth Manor (1.7 M, player home, \highlight1 sauna\highlight0 , crafting tools, second bedroom)\par
AYM. Pretty Gemstones (1.7 M, new, more detailed and better textures)\par
AYN. DwarvenAutomobile (1.7 M)\par
AYO. Forsworn Faction Pack (1.7 M, WE \highlight1 quests\highlight0 , favor jobs, \highlight1 recipes, merchants\highlight0 ,\par
                            followers, pets, trainers, camp gear, player homes, food)\par
AYP. Dawnstar Indoor Market (1.7 M, adds an \highlight1 underground market and NPCs\highlight0 )\par
AYQ. Ilatria and the Tomb of the Old (1.6 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , player home)\par
AYQ. Cavern of Souls (1.6 M, \highlight1 large nordic dungeon\highlight0 , vampires)\par
AYQ. The Grand Paladin SE (1.6 M, Q & A, \highlight1 60 minutes gameplay\highlight0 )\par
AYQ. Eso Books (1.6 M, \highlight1 adds most of the books from the Elder Scrolls Online\highlight0 ) *****\par
AYQ. Live Anywhere - Constructible Shacks (1.6 M, \highlight1 build as many shacks as you want\highlight0 )\par
AYQ. Mount Freyja (1.6 M, \highlight1 3-dimensional dungeon, confusing\highlight0 )\par
AYQ. Halem's House (1.6 M, player home, short quest, vendor, \highlight1 shrines, training room\highlight0 )\par
AYQ. Skyrim - Atlas (1.6 M)\par
AYQ. \highlight1 Playable Wispmothers \highlight0 (1.6 M, shapeshift into a wispmother, spawn wisps and shades)\par
AYQ. \highlight1 The Library of Apocrypha \highlight0 (1.6 M, location, ghosts)\par
BBP. \highlight1 Lost Books of Voryn Dreleth \highlight0 (1.6 M, find these and other obscure books)\par
BBQ. Questhaven (1.5 M, \highlight1 new land in northern High Rock\highlight0 )\par
BBR. RaceSymbolShield (1.5 M)\par
BBS. Oceans rest (1.5 M, \highlight1 new island, 3 dungeons\highlight0 , player home)\par
AYQ. The ruin of Nelrun (1.5 M, \highlight1 ruin underneath a fort\highlight0 )\par
AYQ. Hidden Hideouts of Skyrim (1.5 M, a collection of small hideouts across Skyrim)\par
AYQ. Female Mannequins (1.5 M)\par
AYQ. \highlight1 Missing Totem Puzzle Pillars \highlight0 (1.5 M, adds fox, dragon, bear, moth, owl, and wolf pillars)\par
AYQ. Sewers for Thieves (1.5 M, \highlight1 adds sewers to the main cities\highlight0 )\par
AYQ. The Heart Lands (1.5 M, \highlight1 new worldspace, new locations \highlight0 and map markers)\par
AYQ. Water Destruction Magic (1.5 M, \highlight1 8 new spells\highlight0 , weapon)\par
AYQ. Indoril Robes (1.5 M, craftable robes of the Great House Indoril)\par
AYQ. Lair of Hadrian (1.5 M, dungeon/player home)\par
AYQ. Younger Eddas Excerpts (1.5 M, \highlight1 new books\highlight0 )\par
AYQ. House of the Redguard II (1.5 M, manor, \highlight1 exterior dungeons\highlight0 , immersive containers)\par
AYQ. Dragon Tomb (1.4 M,  \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AYQ. Destroy the Dark Brotherhood Part 2 (1.4 M, Q & A, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 )\par
AYR. Path of the Righteous (1.4 M, Q & A)\par
AYS. Guard Dialogue Overhaul Redux (1.4 M, more dialogue, realism, respect, original voices)\par
AYS. Skymall (1.4 M, \highlight1 adds a shopping mall\highlight0 )\par
AYS. GLOBOL LANDS (1.4 M, \highlight1 new land, missions\highlight0 )\par
AYS. Riversedge Craftshop (1.4 M, adds two craft shops, \highlight1 hundreds more ores and ingredients\par
\highlight0 AYS. Muiri's Revenge (1.4 M, Q & A, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 )\par
AYS. \highlight1 Ultimate Hunting and Gathering Immersion \highlight0 (1.4 M, realistic meat weight and quantity of body parts and alchemy ingredients, tanning rack recipes, tons of new meat)\par
AYS. \highlight1 Spectral Weapon Pack \highlight0 (1.4 M, adds 8 Daedric, 4 Nord Hero, and 3 Elite, each has\par
                           four enchanted variants and a clean version)\par
AYS. Pinepass (1.4 M, \highlight1 new land, town and dungeons\highlight0 ) ***\par
AYS. Classic Books (1.4 M, \highlight1 adds some classic literature \highlight0 to Skyrim)\par
AYS. Gold Worth Something (1.4 M, \highlight1 adds three new coin types\highlight0 , changes values of metals to more realistic values)\par
AYS. Craftable Gifts for Children (1.4 M, \highlight1 adds craftable toys\highlight0 )\par
AYS. Weighted Breakdown (1.4 M, \highlight1 allows you to breakdown weapons and armor \highlight0 into their component parts)\par
AYS. Power Tomes - Nightvision (1.4 M, \highlight1 similar to night vision goggles\highlight0 )\par
AYS. Amulets of Heroes (1.4 M, collect all eight amulets and one more most powerful one)\par
AYS. Asavira Raid Dungeon (1.3 M, small dungeon)\par
AYS. PitFall the lost expedition (1.3 M, location, explore)\par
AYS. TheBeasts New Creatures in Skyrim (1.3 M, adds 4 undead themed, 3 others)\par
AYS. Innocence Lost Alternative (1.3 M, Q & A)\par
AYT. YHWH's Children - Bible Treasure Hunt (1.3 M, \highlight1 find different books of the Bible\highlight0 )\par
AYT. Namira for Good Guys (1.3 M, Q & A)\par
AYT. Lore friendly Major packmule (1.3 M, \highlight1 adds 16 backpacks/carrying gear\highlight0 )\par
AYT. The Tale of the Dragon's Bane (1.3 M, Q & A)\par
AYU. Finding Velehk Sain (1.3 M, Q & A)\par
AYU. Hidden Treasures (1.3 M, \highlight1 adds 200 hidden lootable chests with unique design \highlight0 all around Skyrim)\par
AYU. Bosmeri Temple of Hircine (1.3 M, \highlight1 temple\highlight0 )\par
AYU. Finnloch (1.3 M, \highlight1 small island, library\highlight0 )\par
AYU. New House Decorations (1.3 M, \highlight1 adds 28 buyable items\highlight0 )\par
AYU. Silver Falls Lodge (1.3 M, \highlight1 a hunters retreat\highlight0 , all crafting, merchant, stable, basement pub)\par
AYU. Daedra Lair (1.3 M, \highlight1 Nordic ruin\highlight0 )\par
AYU. \highlight1 Whips\highlight0  (1.3 M, adds unique whips for your character)\par
AYU. Gravkammir (1.3 M, \highlight1 large tomb, short quest\highlight0 )\par
AYU. The Engineers Workshop (1.2 M, Q & A, small quest, 4 crafting stations, \highlight1 maze\highlight0 )\par
AYV. You Get Robbed (1.2 M, Q & A, \highlight1 fort\highlight0 )\par
AYW. Phitt's Morrowind Style Lanterns (1.2 M)\par
AYW. Namira the Good Guys (1.2 M, Q & A)\par
AYX. Alcohol Overhaul Craft (1.2 M, adds 20+ alcohols, craftable alembic, \highlight1 5 recipe books, food ingredients and sounds\highlight0 , textures)\par
AYX. The Grytewake Legend SE (1.2 M, Q & A)\par
AYX. Treasure of the First Nords (1.2 M, Q & A, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 , find a lost treasure)\par
AYY. PDS Dungeons (1.2 M, \highlight1 adds 11 dungeons to Skyrim\highlight0 ) *****\par
AYZ. Mo' Daedra (1.2 M, \highlight1 adds 3000+ leveled daedra \highlight0 including seekers, lurkers, dremora, and atronachs)\par
AYZ. BadGremlins Spooky Tower Ruins (1.2 M, \highlight1 Dwemer ruin\highlight0 )\par
AZA. Linguists of Skyrim (1.2 M, dragon language decoding tablet and a dictionary)\par
AZA. Dungeons Temple of the Lord (1.2 M, adds a \highlight1 huge dungeon \highlight0 with 16 bosses)\par
AZB. Helarchen Creek (1.2 M, a \highlight1 village\highlight0  in the mountains)\par
AZB. Skyscape Continued (1.2 M, overhaul)\par
AZB. Betrayer of Dwarves (1.1 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AZC. Strange Friendship I - Hagravens (1.1 M, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 )\par
AZC. Into the deep Atlantis (1.1 M, \highlight1 very hard dungeon\highlight0 , fast paced, new traps)\par
AZD. Gunnar Tomb (1.1 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AZE. Vodahmin Qoth (1.1 M, \highlight1 difficult dungeon\highlight0 , story, quest)\par
AZE. Fire Brand-Shadow Lair (1.1 M, small dungeon, quest, sword)\par
AZF. The Descent (1.1 M, quest, player home, \highlight1 massive caverns\highlight0 )\par
AZF. The Tome (1.1 M, Q & A, \highlight1 an epic treasure hunt\highlight0 )\par
AZF. Horker Home (1.0 M, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , adds multiple taverns and party clubs)\par
AZG. The Dungeon Crawl (1.0 M, \highlight1 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
AZG. Dragon Under Whiterun SSE (1.0 M, \highlight1 quest, dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AZG. Velthane (1.0 M, a \highlight1 network of coastal caves \highlight0 on the Morrowind border)\par
AZG. Random Dungeon Generator (1.0 M, \highlight1 adds new randomly generated dungeons \highlight0 in\par
            Skyrim, number of floors: \highlight1 100 floors \highlight0 beneath the ground, \highlight1 five difficulty levels\highlight0 )\par
AZH. Norzelfd (993 K, multi-level \highlight1 Dwemer dungeon, 1 hour playtime\highlight0 , traps)\par
AZH. RipX's The Gemstone Prophecy II (989 K, Q & A)\par
AZI. \highlight1 Wild Goose Chase \highlight0 (964 K, a quest to hunt down a rare and tasty bird)\par
AZJ. Iomaungandr Rising (961 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AZJ. Markarth Undercity (946 K, \highlight1 adds several hours of quality playtime, extensive\highlight0 )\par
AZJ. Snow Elf Resurrection (935 K, quest, \highlight1 build a new city \highlight0 on an island)\par
AZK. Swift Services (858 K, Q & A)\par
AZK. Wheezes Dungeon Pack 1 (850 K, \highlight1 adds 4 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
AZL. Ravengrave (839 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AZM. UNICORN CAVE (821 K, \highlight1 a frozen cave \highlight0 extending into Nordic ruins and Dwemer ruins)\par
AZN. Zenithars Gift (810 K, \highlight1 dungeon, quest\highlight0 )\par
AZO. Dungeons Crystal Forest (806 K, \highlight1 a huge dungeon\highlight0 , spells, weapons, potions, gems)\par
AZP. The Shrine of Kharjo (794 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AZQ. Finding Derkeethus (788 K, Q & A)\par
AZQ. Religion (759 K, Q & A)\par
AZQ. Duvy Canyon (719 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AZQ. SOUTH DRAGON BRIDGE (719 K, Q & A, new district, \highlight1 3 dungeons\highlight0 , 200+ enemies)\par
AZQ. Morsel - The Cursed Halls (715 K, \highlight1 vast mines and caverns\highlight0 )\par
AZR. Save the Icerunner (710 K, Q & A)\par
AZR. More Dungeons (679 K, \highlight1 adds 10 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
AZS. Nuvanja (644 K, \highlight1 adds a Dwemer dungeon\highlight0 , 30 minutes gameplay)\par
AZT. Nemesis Shrine (644 K, Q & A)\par
AZT. Death Wish (636 K, Q & A)\par
AZT. Aureftir (616 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AZU. ImNotPsychotic's Home (614 K, small house with \highlight1 small town underground\highlight0 )\par
AZV. Bloodmist Coven (607 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AZW. Smallfolk (601 K, Q & A)\par
AZW. Fortunes Loss (599 K, \highlight1 dungeon, very challenging\highlight0 )\par
AZX. Forfeoranna Heim SSE (590 K, \highlight1 tomb\highlight0 )\par
AZX. Challenge of the Divines (586 K, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 )\par
AZX. Powerful Treasure (584 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
AZY. Custom Fellowship (583 K, Q & A)\par
AZY. Dungeons At Worlds End (580 K, \highlight1 dungeon in 6 parts\highlight0 )\par
AZZ. Depths of Cavern (560 K, \highlight1 grid-based multi-level dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAA. Terramis Forgotten Ruins (553 K, \highlight1 challenging dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAB. Mines of Moria LOTR (550 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAC. Great House Barrow (541 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAD. Explorer Dungeon Pack (529 K, \highlight1 4 high quality expansive dungeonos\highlight0 )\par
BAE. Hraghenskaag Labyrinths (526 K, \highlight1 Dwemer dungeon\highlight0 , puzzles)\par
BAE. Riften Exposed - Maven (516 K, \highlight1 a series of quests\highlight0 )\par
BAE. Dwemertech (515 K, Q & A)\par
BAE. Wedding Day (514 K, Q & A)\par
BAE. Fort Peak And The House Of Zel (500 K, \highlight1 long multi-layered dungeon, cave, Dwemer system\highlight0 )\par
BAF. Scholomance (495 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAF. Siege of Morghak Fortress (487 K, \highlight1 huge dungeon in 6 parts\highlight0 )\par
BAF. Localized Thieves Guild Jobs (483 K, Q & A)\par
BAF. Troll's Delve (480 K, \highlight1 difficult dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAF. Winterhold Fully Restored (473 K, \highlight1 adds NPCs and 12 houses\highlight0 , Q & A)\par
BAF. Skyrim RTS Army Wars v3 (466 K, Q & A)\par
BAF. House's Dungeon Pack (462 K, \highlight1 adds 4 small dungeons\highlight0 )\par
BAF. Ukodus (459 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAF. The Paarthurnax Dilemma (452 K, Q & A)\par
BAF. Forfeoranna Heim (451 K, \highlight1 tomb\highlight0 )\par
BAF. the maze (446 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAF. Sagas Tomb (444 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , follower)\par
BAF. No to Nocturnal (432 K, Q & A)\par
BAF. Low Hrothgar (431 K, \highlight1 small dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAF. Helheimr Deeps (427 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAF. Ildrameshs Folly (424 K, a valley, story, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAF. Thane Fail-Safe (415 K, Q & A)\par
BAF. Adal Matar - Fight against the Thalmor (410 K, Q & A)\par
BAF. Volundr (409 K, \highlight1 multi-wing dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAF. Milans Dungeon Pack 2 (408 K, temple, find three keys, \highlight1 4 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
BAF. Clans of Skyrim (405 K, Q & A)\par
BAF. College Grounds (405 K, Q & A, adds a few NPCs, a chapel)\par
BAF. NecromancerLair (401 K, \highlight1 small dungeon\highlight0 , armor, spell)\par
BAG. Chronicles of the Fallen Order (399 K, Q & A)\par
BAG. Iomaungandr Rising (394 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAG. New dungeon Unknown cave (383 K, \highlight1 huge hardcore dungeon\highlight0 , secrets, traps)\par
BAG. The Last Defeat of the Dragon Cult (382 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAG. Dungeon - Skeleton King (381 K)\par
BAG. Dungeons Realm of Darkness (380 K, \highlight1 dungeon with 6 parts\highlight0 )\par
BAG. Silvercrest Tomb and Watchtower (379 K, \highlight1 tomb\highlight0 )\par
BAG. The Bottomless Pit (376 K, Q & A)\par
BAG. Den of Vuspyre (370 K, \highlight1 mine\highlight0 )\par
BAG. Njal Ragmars Tomb (370 K, \highlight1 tomb\highlight0 )\par
BAG. Caverns of Chaos (366 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAG. FeatherBrook Castle (361 K, \highlight1 large dungeon, exterior world\highlight0 , castle interiors)\par
BAG. Thurndarum Ruins (355 K, \highlight1 Dwemer ruin\highlight0 )\par
BAH. But Wait There's More (351 K, \highlight1 dungeons, lengthy questline\highlight0 )\par
BAH. Dungeons The Forgotten Snows (350 K, \highlight1 adds a big dungeon\highlight0 , 2 armor sets)\par
BAH. Sindri's Tomb (350 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAH. The Frontier to Cyrodiil (348 K, Q & A)\par
BAH. Lost Dungeon (346 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAH. Rama_s Joy Ruins (345 K, \highlight1 very large dungeon\highlight0 , high level)\par
BAH. Den Erovrade Staden (344 K, \highlight1 high quality Dwemer dungeon, 2 hours gameplay\highlight0 )\par
BAH. The Temple of Black Rock (342 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , high level)\par
BAH. The Last Refuge (342 K, Q & A, \highlight1 9 major quests\highlight0 , 1200+ lines dialogue, hours of content)\par
BAH. Ioffee Dungeon Pack (332 K, \highlight1 two dungeons\highlight0 )\par
BAI. Religion (318 K, Q & A)\par
BAI. Destruction of The Shrine of Mastery SE (316 K, Q & A, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 , spell)\par
BAI. A Cannibals Shack (316 K, Q & A)\par
BAI. Henriks Tomb Revisited (314 K, \highlight1 two dungeons\highlight0 , player home)\par
BAI. The Ruins of Solveig (306 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAI. Creet Island (306 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAI. Fungal Cave (304 K, \highlight1 small dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAI. Northern Frost Brewery (295 K, Q & A)\par
BAI. Sword of Sigdan (295 K, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 , exploration, combat, high level)\par
BAI. Bogvars Tomb (289 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAI. Desteros Grave (289 K, \highlight1 small tomb\highlight0 )\par
BAI. Mundbora's Perch (282 K, \highlight1 Nordic ruin\highlight0 )\par
BAJ. Daedra and Witch Hunter (282 K, Q & A)\par
BAJ. Westbrook Keep (279 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAJ. Bandits Glory Hearts and Sword (275 K, Q & A)\par
BAJ. Fall of Ithenzard Zel (271 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAJ. The Lost Legend of Captain Sharphook (269 K, Q & A)\par
BAJ. The Path to Erzvasel - Part 2 (266 K, \highlight1 Dwemer ruin\highlight0 )\par
BAJ. RagnvaldStair (266 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAJ. Windcallers Pass (264 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAJ. Skycapeland Project (264 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAJ. Ogmunds Tomb (262 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAK. The Tunnel of 100 Trials (259 K, 1 Tunnel, 10 Floors, 100 Trials)\par
BAL. Windcallers Pass (259 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAM. Best Served Cold (257 K, Q & A)\par
BAM. The Dragon Trials Temple (255 K, \highlight1 large dungeon\highlight0 , books, keys)\par
BAM. Nazhanzel War Factory (255 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAM. Dead-Stone Barrow (254 K, \highlight1 Nordic dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAN. The Secret of Dragonhead (249 K,\highlight1  dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAO. Paarthurnax Bypass (248 K, Q & A)\par
BAO. Zhulhanch (246 K, \highlight1 small Dwemer dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAO. Ogmunds Tomb (244 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAO. Dungeons Swamp of the Dead (243 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , items)\par
BAO. Frostfaarn (240 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , Q & A)\par
BAO. Nekros the tormentor (239 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAO. Ruined Temple of Phynaster (238 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAP. Marsh Catacombs (238 K, \highlight1 mazy catacombs\highlight0 )\par
BAP. Strelekai's Lair (237 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAQ. Prisoners Peak (237 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAQ. The Ragmar Conspiracy (235 K, \highlight1 dungeon, library\highlight0 )\par
BAQ. The Howling Hideout (234 K, \highlight1 small dungeon\highlight0 , quest book)\par
BAQ. Hall of Champions (231 K, Q & A)\par
BAQ. Rokir's Tomb (229 K, \highlight1 small tomb\highlight0 )\par
BAQ. The Beasts of Skyrim (229 K, Q & A, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAQ. Arnam Tar Unique Dungeon (227 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAQ. Gersonia (227 K, \highlight1 dungeon, 4 hours gameplay\highlight0 )\par
BAQ. Als Vault of the Old Slayer (223 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAQ. The Legend of Taram Dane (220 K, \highlight1 Nordic ruin\highlight0 , puzzles, weapon)\par
BAR. Thugs Not Assassins (220 K, Q & A)\par
BAR. High Hrothgar Catacombs (220 K, \highlight1 catacombs\highlight0 )\par
BAR. The Ebony Warriors Brother (218 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAR. Legendary Main Quest Expansion (217 K, Q & A)\par
BAR. The Iron Grotto (216 K, \highlight1 difficult Dwemer ruin\highlight0 )\par
BAS. Isle of Storm (216 K, Q & A)\par
BAS. Ruined Prison (216 K)\par
BAS. Joe's Farm (214 K, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 )\par
BAS. Whispers in the Dark (213 K, Q & A, \highlight1 small questline\highlight0 )\par
BAS. Vybors Rest (211 K, \highlight1 Nordic ruin\highlight0 )\par
BAS. Welcome to Turknstarr (211 K, \highlight1 Dwemer ruin\highlight0 , high level)\par
BAS. Joric's Tomb (211 K, \highlight1 small Nordic ruin\highlight0 )\par
BAS. Jornheim SSE (206 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAS. The Secret of Coldwater Cave (206 K, \highlight1 dungeon, 3 interior world spaces\highlight0 )\par
BAT. Mulmugviir's Curse (203 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAT. The Artificers (203 K, Q & A)\par
BAT. Whiteruns Mythic Dawn Dungeon (201 K, \highlight1 dungeon, 40 minutes gameplay\highlight0 )\par
BAT. Order of Magi - Snowgaard (201 K, Q & A)\par
BAT. Hjakhtraevarr Tomb (200 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAT. Arrowshots x Dungeon (200 K, \highlight1 quest, dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAT. Castle Brennenburgh (196 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAT. Fangehull (195 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0  with bandits and draugr)\par
BAU. Winter's Grasp (195 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , Q & A)\par
BAU. Vrage's Watch (194 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , Q & A)\par
BAU. Havensreathe (193 K, \highlight1 Nordic dungeon\highlight0 , follower)\par
BAU. CONAN Hyborian Age (189 K, \highlight1 quest, dungeon\highlight0 , creatures, voice acted, armors)\par
BAU. Tomb Of The Nefarious (188 K, \highlight1 medium dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAU. Forgotten Spawns (186 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAV. The Path to Erzvasel - Part 1 (188 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAV. Black Rain Dungeon (187 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAV. High Hrothgar Alternate Cave Route SSE (179 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAW. Quest of Seven Keys (179 K, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 , find seven keys, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAW. The Paths of the Dead (177 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAX. Darlok's Tomb (173 K, \highlight1 dungeon, quest\highlight0 )\par
BAY. Dragon Captions - A Saints Tale (173 K, Q & A)\par
BAY. Understone Home and Dungeon (170 K, \highlight1 large Dwemer dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BAZ. Tymrirs Crypt (169 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BBA. Craven Ruins (169 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BBB. Okains Summit (166 K, \highlight1 Dwarven ruins\highlight0 )\par
BBC. Rogue Wizard (165 K, Q & A)\par
BBC. Utgarde Keep (163 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BBD. Arheim (163 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BBE. The Paarthurnax Ultimatum (162 K, Q & A)\par
BBE. Fusions First Dungeon (160 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BBF. Boethiah for Good Guys (159 K, Q & A)\par
BBF. The Bandit Camp; (158 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BBG. Missing Apprentices (158 K, Q & A, \highlight1 quest\highlight0 )\par
BBG. Havaldens Abode (158 K, \highlight1 short Nordic dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BBH. Psychotic Dungeon (157 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 )\par
BBI. Skyshor (157 K, Q & A, story)\par
BBI. EN - Dungeons v2.0 (156 K, \highlight1 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
BBJ. The Cloistered Temple (154 K, \highlight1 temple\highlight0 )\par
BBK. Henriks Tomb (153 K, \highlight1 dungeon\highlight0 , weapon, spell)\par
BBL. Azhgarfund (152 K, \highlight1 small dungeon\highlight0 , puzzles)\par
BBM. Napatax_Ruin (150 K, \highlight1 Nordic ruin\highlight0 )\par
BBN. Dead-Stone Barrow (149 K, \highlight1 Nordic ruin\highlight0 )\par
BBO. Missives (146 K, Q & A)\par
BBO. The awakening of Oblaansil (138 K, Q & A)\par
BBO. Milans Dungeon Pack 1 (127 K, \highlight1 adds 5 dungeons\highlight0 )\par
\par
\par
\par
Fallout 4 mods for XBox One, bethesda.net\par
====================================================================================\par
001. South of the Sea (937 M, bunch of new locations and content, 22 hours gameplay)\par
002. Fallout UIF (1.00 G, new faction, 2 questlines, 20+ hours content, \par
                  5 worldspaces, 80+ voice actors)\par
003. Fallout Sakhalin (1.01 G, new island, interiors, quests, factions, monsters)\par
004. Realm of Dusk (501 M, 12 hours content, dozens of locations, new worldspace,\par
                    100+ new voiced NPCs, hundreds new textures, 2 companions)\par
005. The Beantown Interiors Project (236 M, opens up many boarded buildings)\par
006. The Sewers (18.7 M, interconnected underground, 20 entrances and exits)\par
007. The Bleachers: A Diamond City Story (581 M, 5 hours content, 5 voiced NPCs,\par
                                          player home, 49 jazz tracks, new quests)\par
008. Crowded Commonwealth - New Locations... (88 M, 11 locations)\par
009. America Rising - A Tale of the Enclave (566 M, 7 quests, multiple locations)\par
010. The Code (837 M, new locations, 20 quests, nearly 50 NPCs, 3 companions)\par
011. The Descent (539 M, 4 locations, 15 new quest lines)\par
012. Xander's Aid DLC (494 M, new worldspace, quests, companions, weapons)\par
013. James' Journey (418 M, 14 quests, 3 companions, 6 mini worldspaces)\par
014. Project X DLC (373 M, questline, hundreds of new items)\par
015. The Small Addition (331 M, new worldspace, new dungeons, new weapons)\par
016. Unofficial Fallout 4 Patch (31.3 M, hundreds of bugs fixed)\par
017. Darker Nights (74.5 K, seven levels of darkness)\par
018. Wasteland Creatures Redone (407 M, retextures many creatures)\par
019. L.O.S.T. (new island, 30 locations, 10 quests, 3 cities, 5 player houses)\par
020. Barrenwood (192 M, new worldspace, multiple locations, 10 voice actors)\par
021. MoreXplore (17.7 M, 12 new locations)\par
022. Time Scale Changed from 20 to 10 (285 B)\par
023. Time Scale Changed from 20 to 1 (285 B)\par
024. Improved Map with Visible Roads (5.3 M)\par
025. The Maze (44 M, 30+ new locations, 10 quests, new world map, player house)\par
026. Cheat Terminal (5.9 M, infinite ammo, infinite carry weight, one shot kill)\par
027. IIA - Instant Institute Access (97 K)\par
028. Get All Perks Mod (34.2 K, gives 9999 ammo, 9999 stimpacks, 99999 caps)\par
029. The 80's Mix (101.2 M, adds 72 songs via radio)\par
030. Golden Oldies Radio (137 M, 111 songs plus old commercials)\par
031. Drunken Shanty FM (49 M, 43 songs)\par
032. Faded Glory (40.7 M, 33 songs, nearly 2 hours music)\par
033. Far Out Radio (20 songs, 70s, 80s songs)\par
034. WRVR - New Companion and Radio Station (93.2 M, music, 10 voice actors)\par
035. The Deadly Commonwealth Expansion (245 M, weapons, armor, bosses, enemies)\par
036. Last Light in the Commonwealth (200 M, questline, weapons, music, audio)\par
037. Project Phoenix - A True Story (88 M, 14 locations, huge quest, new faction)\par
038. Driveables of the Commonwealth - Semi Trucks (57 M, adds 3 trucks)\par
039. Subway Runner (38.3 M, new stations, connects 90% of subway stations)\par
040. Sparky's Quantum Adventure (242 M, new locations, enemies, story)\par
041. Journey to Ipswich (35.8 M, new worldspace, a dozen locations)\par
042. The Glassyrinth - A Moving Maze Made Out of Glass (19.8 M, new location)\par
043. Colonial Marines (748 M, quest, 7 locations)\par
044. Welcome to Goodneighbor (234 M, 2 story quests, new locations, enemies)\par
045. Diamond City Expansion (381 M, adds four districts, many new locations)\par
046. The Wild Wasteland (347 M, items)\par
047. Atomguard (133 M, become a vampire hunter, 2 new castles, Serana, quests)\par
048. Green in the Commonwealth XB1 (281 M, more lush environments)\par
049. True Storms (52.3 M)\par
050. H&K HK416 (154 M, american style rifle)\par
051. XM50-.50 Battle Rifle/Automatic Rifle (109 M)\par
052. Modern Firearms (Tactical Edition) (847 M)\par
053. Modern Firearms (659 M)\par
054. Crossbows of the Commonwealth (81.6 M)\par
055. See Through Scopes (11.3 M, adds scopes to weapons)\par
056. The Laser RCW (17.4 M, An energy submachine gun from New Vegas)\par
057. The Elder Swords (69.6 M, adds over 50 Morrowind weapons)\par
058. Scrap All the Things (2 M)\par
059. Clean Water of the Commonwealth (20.6 K)\par
060. Star Wars: Galaxy at War (272 M, droids, armor, factions overhaul)\par
061. Vault 28: The Absent Ghoul (56 M, new vault, quests, voiced NPCs)\par
062. Vault 83: The Librarian (18.8 M, 2 quests, vault, 3 NPCs)\par
063. Vault 98: Player Settlement (34.2 M)\par
064. Vault 162 (44.3 M, six fleshed out maps to explore, weapon)\par
065. Haunted Vault 165 (18.1 M)\par
066. Vault 201: Skeleton Crew (360 M, underground travel)\par
067. Vault 494: A Vault-Tec Story (95.3 M, quests, new vault)\par
068. The Secret of Huntress Manor (135 M, 2 hours content, 16 quests)\par
070. The Calvin Coolidge Institute (5.9 M, dungeon)\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
071. Project Helljumper (378 M, three sets of armor)\par
072. West Tek Tactical Optics (80.2 M, Night/Thermal vision)\par
073. D.E.C.A.Y. - Better Ghouls (220 M)\par
074. The Mercenary - Pack (355 M, outfit pack)\par
075. Institute Vault (69 M)\par
076. The Lost Vault (105 M)\par
077. Nuka-World Plus (208 M)\par
078. The Unstoppables - Issue 1 (207 M, several quests, maps, 3 hours playtime)\par
079. New Vegas Uniques Mega Back (193 M, 18 weapons, 18 quests)\par
080. Hilda Hughes: An Institute Story (169 M, 1 hour gameplay, 16 quests,\par
                                       1088 lines of dialogue)\par
081. The Moon Palace (158 M, 25+ room palace, NPCs, collect quests, soundtrack)\par
082. Clean & Smooth: Sanctuary Hills (1.5 M, gets rid of all junk)\par
083. Clean & Smooth - The Complete Commonwealth Collection (29.6 M)\par
084. Outlaws of the Commonwealth (114 M, 6 quests, interiors, 90 minutes content)\par
085. East Side Story - An ACB Quest (108 M, 7 interiors, 6 quests, new world)\par
086. Fallout 4 Revisited - Libertalia's Reign (102 M, city, a few locations)\par
087. Bit Better Fallout (91 M, vault, 4 quests, 7 voiced NPCs)\par
088. A Cannibal in Concord (86.7 M, new house location)\par
089. Commonwealth Contraband (86 M, questline, new NPCs, new locations)\par
090. Atlantic Command Center (86 M, military outpust, underground bunker)\par
091. The Metro (4.5 M, adds a network of tunnels and village)\par
092. Drunken Gnomes - The Gnomepocolypse (82 M, 3 quests) \par
093. Maubeuge VOSTEN (68.6 M, quests, new NPCs, creatures)\par
094. Settlers of the Commonwealth (67.4 M, adds 31 voiced settler NPCs)\par
095. Boston Bounties and Zeta Site (65.4 M, 2 quests)\par
096. Deadly Gunners of the Commonwealth (58.4 M)\par
097. Dauntless - Submarine Player Home (57 M, five crafting stations)\par
098. The Secrets of the Cabot House (56.7 M)\par
099. The Smuggler's Secret (56.4 M, new locations, enemies)\par
100. Escape from Toule House (47.2 M, 40 puzzles)\par
101. Commonwealth Underground and Forgotten Spaces (44 M, 20 new areas)\par
102. Cade and Kelan - A Tale of Two Twins (175 M, 5 quests, new NPCs)\par
103. Disrupting the Market (51 M, 2 hours gameplay, 3 quests, 8 areas, 4 NPCs)\par
104. Rising Phoenix - The Story Continues (40.6 M, huge underground area)\par
105. Claustrophobia (37.7 M, 30 minutes gameplay)\par
106. Guerlot's Radioactive Stories (33 M, quests)\par
107. Road of Adventures (29.8 M, new worldspace, big dungeon)\par
108. Castle of the Sun (28.7 M, new city, castle, quests, items, weapons)\par
109. Katherine's Lost Bear (27.3 M, 4 hours gameplay, 2 quests, new world area)\par
110. New Exotic Enemies (117 M)\par
111. MrTibbz's Modpack XB1 (146 M, weapons, armors, ammot types, player homes)\par
112. Operation Manhattan - New York BoS Quest (24.3 M)\par
113. The Cabin (24.3 M, player home)\par
114. Whispering Oaks (24.2 M, new town)\par
115. Wild Wild Wild Wild Wasteland (22.6 M, 4 quests)\par
116. Fallout New York (20.6 M)\par
117. Build World (19 M, new world, several workshop locations)\par
118. Episode II - Deep Down (18.4 M)\par
119. Project LUNAR (17.5 M, new worldspace, quest, follower)\par
120. The A.R.C. (17.5 M, two settlements)\par
121. Red Scare (17.3 M, quest mod)\par
122. Ransacked Relays and Shuddersome Subways (16.3 M, 2 dungeons, 2 quests)\par
123. Change in a Vacuum (16.2 M, 2 characters, quests, items)\par
124. Gone Feral (174 M, quests, several locations, voiced companion)\par
125. String Theory (15.4 M, 3 locations, 2 quests)\par
126. The Punished Wastelands - New Wastelands (12.6 M, new worldspace)\par
127. Minuteman Barge City + Settlement (11.5 M)\par
128. Mo' Quests N Stuff (10.3 M, 2 quests)\par
129. Bloods vs. Crips II (62.7 M, 4 new quests)\par
130. Episode III - The Experiment (8.8 M, old mansion)\par
131. Atomic World 1.8 (7.7 M, new town, other interiors)\par
132. Warrior Clan HQ (6.7 M, house, 3 settlements, several quests, items, weapons)\par
133. Portable Jetpack (6.4 M)\par
134. A Nightmare in Diamond City (6.3 M, 8 locations)\par
135. Rsiyo's Location Pack (8 new small locations)\par
136. New Comics Pack (3.2 M, adds 15 new comic books)\par
137. Mysterious Bunker: Biozones (2.9 M, armor set, new worldspace)\par
138. A Tragedy in Paradise (2.8 M, explore island)\par
139. The Maze Runner - Vault 111 (2.5 M)\par
140. The Vault Tec Quest Line CH01 (2.1 M, quest)\par
141. MOON (1.6 M)\par
142. Nuka World Settlements (1.4 M, adds 15 settlements, 8 homes, 35 map markers)\par
143. TONY1912 Scythe Project Factory (1.2 M)\par
144. The UnderPassage (1.1 M, quest)\par
145. The Depth (1.1 M, underground city, 3 quests, settlement)\par
146. Plenty 'O' Exploration (796 K, adds interiors)\par
147. Stumble Upon Interiors (793 K, 9 new interiors)\par
148. The Maze of Relativity Easy Edition (792 K)\par
149. Sanctuary 95% Restored (651 K)\par
150. Display Enhancements (648 K)\par
151. RAIDS - Comen Cove (566 K, new large dungeon, 40 minutes gameplay)\par
152. Subway Across the River (530 K, add a new underground subway)\par
153. Zombie Apocalypse (468 K, adds around 750 more ghouls to the map)\par
154. Expanding Boston (372 K, added four locations)\par
155. Super Duper Mart Expanded (124 K)\par
156. NanoLabsX1 (70.6 M, new world space, weapons, armor)\par
157. The Maze of the Underworld Ch02 (1.6 M, underground maze)\par
158. TheTower (766 K, a nine floor tower)\par
159. Rad Spiders (3.6 M)\par
160. Gollum (25.1 M)\par
161. Full Dialogue Interface (14.7 M)\par
162. Commonwealth GECK Project (22.4 M)\par
163. Commonwealth GECK - East Boston Settlement (125 M)\par
164. Numbers Station - PSANS (158 M)\par
165. Quests + (74 M)\par
\par
\par
\par
Fallout 4 PC mods at nexusmods.com\par
==========================================================================\par
001. Garden of Eden (15.3 G, new land, alternative to playing violent games)\par
002. OLD WORLD RADIO - BOSTON (6.0 G, adds 30 voice acted radio stations, mixed\par
               with over 1500 sound effects, over 300 hours of radio content)\par
003. PhyOp - Overhauled Optimized Textures (5.9 G, 40,962 textures)\par
004. SBR Ghost Story Radio (3.4 G, adds a radio station with over 6 hours of stories)\par
005. Philip K. Dick Sound-World (3.3 G, new soundtrack, more than 4 hours)\par
006. High Resolution Texture Pack (2.8 G, 4K and 2K retextures)\par
007. Colorful Wildlife and Cretures (2.3 G, changes colors of wildlife)\par
007. SavrenX Weapon HD DLC (2.0 G, retextures all weapons)\par
008. Savren HD Vanilla Clothes (2.0 G, retextures all clothes)\par
009. All Weapons HD (1.9 G, 4K upscale of every weapon in the game)\par
010. Fallout Sakhalin (1.4 G, island, interiors, quests, factions, monsters)\par
010. Father Comanion (1.2 G, Q & A)\par
011. Xander's Aid (1.1 G, Q & A, new world)\par
012. The Bounty Office (970 M, Q & A)\par
013. Outcasts and Remnants (847 M, Q & A, 20 hours of gameplay, factions, locations)\par
014. Finding Barry Ellery (802 M, Q & A, questline, 4 voiced NPCs, town)\par
015. James' Journey (700 M, 14 quests, 3 companions, 6 worldspaces, voiced dialogue)\par
016. Lima Detachment (680 M, several bunkers, several quests, two weapons)\par
017. Fallout UIF (673 M, Q & A, faction, two questlines)\par
018. Fourville (636 M, Q & A, town, ten main quests, 36 side quests, 5000+ lines\par
                of dialogue, new set of bobbleheads, voiced player, exploration)\par
019. WCCC Commonwealth Radio (628 M, adds radio station and associated quests)\par
020. The Code (557 M, Q & A, explore, three strangers)\par
021. Musicians' Mod (509 M, Q & A, adds a radio station)\par
022. Maxwell's World (472 M, Q & A, haunted amusement park, voice acted, weapons,\par
                      monsters, companions, DLC sized)\par
023. America Rising (461 M, Q & A)\par
024. The Train (458 M, Q & A, quest, drivable train settlement, companion, armors)\par
025. Nuka-World Reborn (451 M, Q & A, new questlines, can play as a trader)\par
026. The Machine And Her (441 M, Q & A, 5 hours gameplay, voiced companion, story)\par
027. Children of Ug-Qualtoth (388 M, Q & A, dungeon, enemies, music, weapons)\par
028. South of the Sea (362 M, location)\par
028. Viva Nuka-World (286 M, Q & A)\par
029. Boston Emergency Services (250 M, adds 10+ interiors, 36 outfits)\par
029. The Small Addition (226 M, worldspace, settlements, dungeons, factions, weapons)\par
029. Vault 134 (207 M, location)\par
029. Remnants Bunker (191 M, location, custom assets, workshop mode)\par
029. D.E.C.A.Y - Better Ghouls (189 M)\par
030. Sector Five - Rise and Fall (189 M, several locations, worldspace, huge questline,\par
                                  new player homes, new factions, companion)\par
031. Operation Wilkes Estate (178 M, Q & A)\par
032. Welcome to Goodneighbor (167 M, expands and adds tons of new content, 500+ lines\par
                              of dialogue, 3 hours of gameplay)\par
033. 50 Ways to Die at Dr. Dick's (164 M, 10 connected quests, player home, backstory)\par
034. Hilda Hughes (163 M, Q & A)\par
035. The Bleachers - A Diamond City Story (162 M, NPCs, 5 voiced, player home)\par
036. Mandalorian Bounty Hunters Guild (159 M, player home, 4 companions, enemies)\par
037. Aliens of the Commonwealth (158 M)\par
038. Vault 494 (141 M, Q & A, vault)\par
039. Raven Rock Redesigned (141 M, location)\par
039. The Moon Men (141 M, Q & A, high level)\par
040. Barrenwood (137 M, Q & A, new worldspace, quests, NPCs, workshop locations)\par
041. Cade and Kelan (128 M, Q & A, voiced quest, five quests)\par
042. Kelly Macabre (123 M, Q & A, quest, rifle)\par
043. The Secret of Huntress Manor (116 M, Q & A)\par
044. RadiGhoul (110 M, Q & A)\par
045. Ocean Bay (106 M, underwater settlement world)\par
045. The Left Field Diner (104 M, location, voiced merchant, drink chiller, custom stained glass)\par
045. Vault 1080 (101 M, questline, 4 new areas)\par
046. The Radiant (101 M, location)\par
046. Sewer 139 (86 M, Q & A, quests)\par
047. The Lost Vault (86 M, location)\par
047. A Random Dude's Story (84 M, Q & A, player home, quest)\par
048. Gone Feral (83 M, Q & A, companion, locations, voiced NPCs, quest)\par
049. Penn's Woods (81 M, Q & A, worldspace)\par
050. The Depths Below (81 M, Q & A)\par
051. Fort Hope (81 M, location, military base, settlement, player home)\par
051. Echo - An Employment Adventure (80 M, Q & A, voiced quest)\par
052. Fallout Who 1.0 (78 M, Q & A, maintainable TARDIS, sonic screwdriver, abilities)\par
053. The Gorelords of Goretown (78 M, Q & A, worldspace, collectibles, exploration)\par
054. Artillery Base (77.1 M, settlement, military base)\par
054. Original Red Rocket Garage (76 M, location)\par
054. The Monster That Breathing Men Would Kill (75 M, Q & A, quest)\par
055. How the Milkman Saved Christmas (72 M, Q & A)\par
056. Bit Better Fallout (70 M, Q & A, five quests, locations, voiced NPCs, power armor)\par
057. Secrets of the Commonwealth (70 M, Q & A, discover secrets)\par
058. World to Come (70.1 M, quest, fight a giant beast)\par
059. East Side Story (69.1 M, quest, Q & A)\par
060. Where the Sane Fear to Tread (67 M, Q & A, worldspace, several quests, storyline)\par
061. Project Phoenix (65 M, Q & A, 14 locations, huge quest, player home, faction)\par
062. Atomic Radio and Tales from the Commonwealth (59 M, quests, companions, radio station)\par
063. An Atomic Return (58 M, Q & A, interact with objects, easter eggs)\par
064. Project Valkyrie (57 M, Q & A, huge, 4 voiced companions, 20 quests)\par
065. Adventures of the Silver Shroud (57 M, Q & A, voiced quest)\par
066. Watercroft Markets (56 M, marketplace, player home)\par
066. The Remnants of Vault 45 (52 M, location, explore)\par
066. Vault 201 - Skeleton Crew (51 M, location, secret project)\par
066. Quest - Prelude to Vault 273 (51 M, adds a scavenger hunt quest, audio logs)\par
067. SS3 - Atom Cats (50 M, adds a 30 minute voiced quest, settlement, power armor frame)\par
068. Outlaws of the Commonwealth (50 M, Q & A, 6 voiced quests, espionage, heist)\par
069. Experiment DCM Shadow (50 M, Q & A)\par
070. Rapture (50 M, location, large scale underwater city)\par
070. David Hunter - A Brotherhood Story (44 M, Q & A)\par
071. Vault 28 - The Absent Ghoul (39.7 M, Q & A)\par
072. The Agency - Prologue (38.0 M, Q & A, new NPCs)\par
073. Vault-Tec Hair Clippers (37.6 M, Q & A, quest, give people haircuts)\par
074. Wait - An Important Question (37.1 M, Q & A, get answers in voiced quest, weapons test range)\par
075. Disrupting The Market (35.3 M, Q & A, two part quest)\par
076. The New Order (34.4 M, Q & A, lots of exploration, quests)\par
077. Vault 83 The Librarian (32.8 M, Q & A, journey across space)\par
078. Masked for Termination (29.3 M, Q & A)\par
079. Rising Phoenix - The Story Continues (26.6 M, Q & A, huge area)\par
080. Wasteland Ciphers (25 M, Q & A, voiced NPC, hacking system rehaul)\par
081. Katherine's Lost Bear (23.5 M, Q & A, cave)\par
082. Claustrophobia (23.3 M, Q & A, apartment complex)\par
083. Operation Manhattan (22.8 M, quest, high level, New York, Brotherhood of Steel)\par
084. Episode I - Family Problems (22.8 M, Q & A, quest)\par
085. Zombie Nation 2 (22.7 Q & A, help an old ghoul agin)\par
086. Introducing - Radium-Inc. (21.1 M, Q & A, dungeon, small questline)\par
087. Combat Zone Restored (17.8 M, Q & A)\par
088. Rowan's Request (17.6 M, Q & A, collect and make use of Technical Documents)\par
089. Bob's Baby (17.6 M, Q & A, quest, 20 minutes gameplay)\par
090. Attack on Ortaria (17.6 M, Q & A, voiced quest, 1 hour gameplay, 3 armors, 5 weapons)\par
091. Raider Communications (17.2 M, Q & A, quest line)\par
092. Vault 12 (16.2 M, Q & A, vault from Fallout 1)\par
093. What about Bub (15.8 M, Q & A)\par
094. Episode II - Deep Down (15.6 M, Q & A)\par
095. Oxhorn Poe (15.1 M, Q & A)\par
00A. Nightstrikers (38 M, creature)\par
00B. The Famished (25 M, creature)\par
\par
\par
\par
Mods at nexusmods.com\par
=========================================================================\par
001. Skyrim (57,722 mods)\par
002. Fallout 4 (30,711 mods)\par
003. Skyrim Special Edition (23,409 mods)\par
004. Fallout New Vegas (20,854 mods)\par
005. Oblivion (27,751 mods)\par
006. Fallout 3 (14,623 mods)\par
007. The Witcher 3 (3,575 mods)\par
008. Dragon Age \par
009. Dragon Age 2\par
010. Morrowind (6,877 mods)\par
011. Monster Hunter: World\par
012. Dragon Age: Inquisition\par
013. Mount & Blade II\par
014. Nexus Mods\par
015. Dark Souls\par
016. Kingdom Come: Deliverance\par
017. Blade & Sorcery\par
018. Mass Effect 3\par
019. The Witcher 2\par
020. Mount & Blade Warband\par
021. Subnautica\par
022. XCOM 2 \par
023. Darkest Dungeon\par
024. Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen\par
025. Resident Evil 2 \par
026. Metal Gear Solid V\par
027. Knights of the Old Republic\par
028. State of Decay\par
029. No Man's Sky\par
030. Mass Effect Andromeda\par
031. XCOM: Enemy Unknown\par
032. Borderlands 2\par
033. Divinity: Original Sin 2\par
034. Star Wars: Battlefront II\par
035. Dying Light\par
036. The Witcher\par
037. Mass Effect 2\par
038. Starbound\par
039. 7 Days to Die\par
040. Mass Effect\par
041. Sekiro\par
042. Pathfinder: Kingmaker\par
043. Dark Souls 2\par
044. Dark Souls 3\par
045. Kenshi\par
046. Neverwinter Nights 2\par
047. Divinity: Original Sin 2\par
048. BattleTech\par
049. Rimworld\par
050. Knights of the Old Republic 2\par
051. Fallout 76\par
052. Resident Evil 3 \par
053. The Elder Scrolls Online\par
054. Code Vein\par
055. X4: Foundations\par
056. X: Rebirth\par
057. Divinity: Original Sin\par
058. Far Cry 3\par
059. Pillars of Eternity\par
060. Pillars of Eternity 2 \par
061. Devil May Cry 5\par
062. Assassin's Creed Odyssey\par
063. My Summer Car\par
064. Red Dead Redemption 2 \par
065. Grim Dawn\par
066. Dark Souls Remastered\par
067. Mount & Blade \par
068. Battle Brothers\par
069. The Sims 4\par
070. Wasteland 2 \par
071. Game Dev Tycoon\par
072. Vampire: The Masquerade\par
073. Grand Theft Auto V\par
074. War Thunder\par
\par
075. Tabletop Simulator\par
076. Daggerfall Unity\par
077. Enderal\par
078. Torchlight II\par
079. Subnautica: Below Zero\par
080. Fallout Shelter\par
081. The Outer Worlds\par
082. ELEX\par
083. Skyrim - Nintendo Switch\par
084. Fallout 2\par
085. Conan Exiles\par
086. Assassin's Creed Origins\par
087. Spyro Reignited Trilogy\par
088. Risen 3\par
089. The Elder Scrolls: Arena\par
090. Dungeon Siege 1\par
091. Titan Quest Anniversary\par
092. Gothic 2\par
093. Gothic 3\par
094. Gothic\par
095. Alien Isolation\par
096. Dungeon Siege II\par
097. Return to Castle Wolfenstein\par
098. Risen\par
099. Madden NFL 08\par
100. Risen 2\par
101. Dungeon Builder (?)\par
102. Fallout\par
103. Skyrim - PlayStation 4 *****\par
104. Daggerfall\par
105. Diablo\par
106. The Long Dark\par
107. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild\par
108. Star Wars Jedi Knight II\par
109. A Plague Tale: Innocence\par
110. Heretic: Shadow of the S...\par
111. Hexen\par
112. Two Worlds 2\par
113. Doom (1993)\par
114. Two Worlds\par
115. The Bard's Tale IV\par
116. Doom II\par
117. Untitled Goose Game\par
118. Madden NFL 20\par
119. Fallout 4 - Playstation 4 *****\par
120. Madden NFL 19\par
121. Quake II\par
122. Prehistoric Kingdom (?)\par
123. Quake\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 